Egypt

Culturally diverse and steeped in mystery, Egypt offers a fascinating glimpse into history. It is a fertile ground for exploring ancient civilizations and enjoying the wide variety of recreations available to travelers. From alien occupation to lost technology, theories abound about its past. What follows are interesting facts about Egypt that you may not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Most of Egypt's landscape is arid desert. The rainy season begins in November and extends through February. Outside of the coastal area, there is very little rainfall. An average annual estimate is three inches. It is not uncommon for some areas to go years without rain. The hottest months are May thru October, where daytime temperatures soar well over 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
2
Egypt's Western Desert is roughly the same size as the state of Texas. Geographically, it comprises two-thirds of the country land mass. The fossilized remains of ancient sea dwelling invertebrates can be seen lying in the sand and embedded in rocks. During the Eocene age, this area was the bottom of a vast ocean.
3
The majority of Egypt's population resides in the Nile Valley and Delta. This expanse of land accounts for less than five percent of the country's defined border. It is situated along the eastern coastline and is subject to flooding. It is the only fertile ground capable of supporting agricultural activities, made possible by a channel connecting the Nile to the Sahara.
4
The Egyptian Armed Forces is the world's tenth largest military power. The Army, Air Force, Navy, National Guard, and Air Defense Command operate under the Ministry of Defense. The United States contributes one and a half billion dollars each year to the Egyptian military budget.
5
As one of the Seven Wonders of the World, King Khufu's pyramid is the tallest in existence. It stands 480 feet high and contains more than two million stone blocks. Three elaborate chambers are located inside the structure. Several shafts originate in the rooms, but their purpose remains a mystery. Archeologists still excavate in and around the pyramid on a regular basis.

The capital of Egypt is Cairo. The currency of Egypt is the Egyptian Pound(EGP) Flag of Egypt


Egypt is an African country


Airports in Egypt
El Arish, Asyut, Alexandria - Nouzha, Alexandria Borg El Arab, Cairo Airport, Hurguada, Luxor, Mersa Matruh, Port Said, Sharm El Sheikhintl, Asswan, Taba, El Tor, Matar al 'Arish, Matar Fayid, Matar Bur Said, Abu Simbel, Marsa al Alam, and El Alamein International Airport

List of seas in Egypt
Red Sea

The Country dialling code of Egypt is +20, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Egypt is .eg

Population
80,335,036

Languages spoken in Egypt
Arabic

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Egypt
27 00 N, 30 00 E

Kilometers of coastline
2,450 kilometers

Square kilometers of land
995,450 square kilometers

Square kilometers of water
6,000 square kilometers

Birth rate
22.53 / 1000 population

Death rate
5.11 / 1000 population

Irrigated land
34,220 sq km 