Germany

Germany is a wonderful country with hardworking, but fun loving citizens. Most people from other countries agree that German people generally are the hardest workers. After their work is completed, they really know how to throw a party. Here are some facts about German festivals you may not know about.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Oktoberfest in Munich, Germany takes place every year and is famous all over the world. Not only is it the largest beer festival in the world, it dwarfs all other beer festivals in beer consumption volumes as well. On average, the patrons that come to celebrate Oktoberfest consume more than 15 million litters of various types of beer. Organizers of the Oktoberfest provide giant tents, each with a bandstand and many long solid wood tables. Each day, after the festival opens and until closing time early the next morning, a constant 1,000 people will jam into each tent. Over the course of the festival 9 million people will jam these tents to sing party and drink as much beer as possible.
2
The Bad Durkheim Wine Festival official name is the Wurstmarkt, meaning the sausage market, but sausage is not what this festival celebrates. The real action is the 200,000 bottles of white wine consumed in four days to celebrate another year of great Bad Durkheim area wine production. Held every year, this festival has been keeping alive area traditions for more than 600 years.
3
The Sparkle Festival is one of the most unusual German festivals, (Asparagus Festival), proving that Germans look hard for any reason to have a festival. What really takes place at the Sparkle Fest is more beer and wine drinking, accompanied of course by white asparagus served in various ways. Many localities hold their own Sparkle fests, all over Germany, Schwetzingen, Asparagus World Capital.
4
The Nuremberg Christmas Market and Lebkuchen Festival is something every adult and child should see at least once in their lifetime. People come from all over the world to buy beautiful hand made Christmas ornaments for their Christmas trees and Lebkuchen, a type of ginger bread cake.
5
The Kirshwasser Festival is held somewhere in the Black Forest every winter when the weather is at its coldest. Kirshwasser is a type of cherry brandy so the festival is the world's largest giant schnapps, German liqueur, tasting party. Schnapps are powerful shot glass sized drinks of fermented fruit with very high alcohol content.

The capital of Germany is Berlin. The currency of Germany is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Germany


Germany belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with G

Airports in Germany
Düsseldorf, Hamm-Lippewiesen, Stuttgart, Hannover, Paderborn-Lippstadt, Bremen, Hamburg, Augsburg, Ingolstadt, München II, Schleswig, Braunschweig, Schönefeld, Gatow, Tegel, Tempelhof, Saarbrücken-Ensheim, Dresden, Schkeuditz, Dessau, Altenburg Nobitz, Heringsdorf, Magdeburg, Sachsen-Anhalt, Erfurt-Bindersleben, Muenster - Osnabrueck, Cologne-Bonn, Nuernberg, Hahn, Baden Wurttemberg, Neuostheim, Hamburg-Finkenwerder, Kiel - Holtenau Civilian, Luebeck-Blankensee, Mönchengladbach, Niederrhein, Dortmund - Wickede, Oberpfaffenhofen, Friedrichshafen, Bayreuth, Hof, Karlsruhe, Baden Wurttemberg, Donaueschingen - Villingen, Kassel - Calden, Westerland - Sylt, Spangdahlem, Ramstein, Giebelstadt, Bueckeburg, Celle, Rheine-Bentlage, Fritzlar, Laupheim, Mendig, Niederstetten, Fassberg, Grafenwoehr, Hanau, Hohenfels, Kitzingen Usa Af, Nordholz, Diepholz, Geilenkirchen, Hohn, Jever, Laage, Noervenich, Wittmundhaven, Trollenhagen, Wunstorf, Wiesbaden, Landsberg, Buechel, Erding, Holzdorf, Neuburg - Donau, Guetersloh, Coleman Mannheim, Coleman Mannheim, Fuerstenfeldbruck, Lechfeld, Essen-Mulheim, Sonderlandeplatz Altomünster, Frankfurt International Airport, Leipzig-Halle Airport, Flughafen Sylt, Baden Airpark, Flughafen Memmingen, Flughafen Stuttgart, and Verkehrslandeplatz Eisenhüttenstadt

The Country dialling code of Germany is +49, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Germany is .de

Population
82,400,996

Languages spoken in Germany
Danish, Frisian, German, Romani, Lower Sorbian, Upper Sorbian

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Germany
51 00 N, 9 00 E

Kilometers of coastline
2,389 kilometers

Square kilometers of land
349,223 square kilometers

Square kilometers of water
7,798 square kilometers

Birth rate
8.2 / 1000 population

Death rate
10.71 / 1000 population

Irrigated land
4,850 sq km 