Akrotiri
Custom Search
In Greece there is an island called Santorini. On the island of Santorini lays an ancient city called Akrotiri. Akrotiri was once home to the Minoan civilization. Today it is home to a large archeological site to unearth the city and find its wonders.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Akrotiri was destroyed and buried by a volcano around 1450 BC. The Minoan civilization was forced to leave the island after a series of earthquakes. The volcano erupted shortly afterward and covered the city in ash, preserving the items left behind.
2
Akrotiri is open to visitors to explore and however the archeological site is closed to the public. Visitors can visit the town below the original town on the top. Visitors can walk around the island and see the caldera of the volcano. Visitors wanting to stay on the island will find lodging for a nights rest and taverns to enjoy a bite to eat or a drink.
3
Archeologist's have discovered that Akrotiri buildings show wall-paintings. The buildings discovered also include furniture and other household items including bowls and vases. Another thing that Archeologist's have found while uncovering the city are paintings of vessels.
4
Akrotiri has been discovered to be a city of development. Archeologist's have seen items that were imported into the city showing great prosperity and relationships with other cities and countries. Paintings of vessels show that they were an advanced civilization with the ability to travel on the seas. The city included a drainage system for water. Akrotiri was one of the first cities to include multi-storeyed buildings. Buildings have been discovered that were three story's high.
5
The city of Akrotiri started in the 4th millennium B.C. The city grew in size over the years until around 1450 B.C. Before it's destruction Akrotiri was one of the main ports of the Aegean.


More countries starting with A

The Country dialling code of Akrotiri is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Akrotiri is
Map of Akrotiri
Population
0
Languages spoken in Akrotiri
Animals native to Akrotiri / which animals live in Akrotiri?
Click here for all Animals in Akrotiri



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Akrotiri
34 37 N, 32 58 E
Kilometers of coastline
56.3 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
sq km 