Albania
Custom Search
The Republic of Albania which is the official name of the country is located in Southeastern Europe. It is in the Balkans region and bordered by Montenegro to the northwest side of it, the Republic of Macedonia on the eastern side, Kosovo on the northeastern and Greece borders it to the south side. One distinction about Albania is the fact that it is along with Kosovo the only Muslim majority sovereign countries that are in Europe wholly.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Lynx is an animal of the cat family that looks a lot like a domestic cat but a little larger and patterns of a cheetah. This animal has long pointed ears and although has been extinct in many parts of the world, it still survives in Albania. It is such a magnificent creature that is worth seeing while in Albania.
2
The common religion practiced in Albania by more than two thirds of the entire population is Islam. Other religions are Albanian Eastern Orthodox and lastly the Roman Catholic. This country is known for the harmony between the religions to the extent that inter-religion marriages are not only popular but a rule in some parts of the country.
3
The official language of Albania is known as Albanian. This is spoken by more than two thirds of the population in Albania. However, there are other languages that are spoken there such as English, Italian and Greek. Greek is common in the south regions of the country which border Greece. This enables European tourists tour the country due to the English language.
4
The Et'hem Beu Mosque in Tirana is a monument of historical importance because it was built from 1794 and completed in 1821 by Mulla Beu. The center piece of the mosque is the prayer room which is beautifully coated by a huge cupola. The mosque has a magnificent architectural design which makes it one of the most significant monuments in Albania. It is protected by the state as well.
5
Albania is relatively small but has a rich biological diversity due to its favorable climatic and terrain conditions. These conditions favor the growth and flourishing of endemic and sub-endemic species which number 27 endemic and 160 sub-endemic plants. There are over 3250 species which account for a whopping 30% of Europe's entire flora species.

The capital of Albania is Tirana. The currency of Albania is the Lek(ALL) Flag of Albania


Albania belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Albania
Tirane-Rinas


Leaders of Albania
The Country dialling code of Albania is +355, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Albania is .al

List of oil fields in Albania (2)
Map of Albania
Population
3,600,523
Languages spoken in Albania
Albanian
Animals native to Albania / which animals live in Albania?
Click here for all Animals in Albania

Airlines in Albania
Click here for all Airlines in Albania

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Albania
41 00 N, 20 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
362 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
27,398 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,350 square kilometers
Birth rate
15.16 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.33 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
3,530 sq km 