Andorra
Custom Search
Andorra is one of the smallest countries in the world. It is landlocked with no coastal area. There are also no significant rivers flowing through the country. Many citizens of the world do not even know that Andorra exists. At the same time, there are many people who travel that love Andorra and its people. Those who know return to Andorra often. Some of the many interesting things about Andorra are as follows.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Despite the fact that Andorra has some of the best family skiing in Europe, there is no airport. You have to get to Andorra by car from either Spain or France. Only the Vatican is a sovereign country smaller than Andorra.
2
Andorra has the most unusual form of government in the world. It is the only country with two heads of state at the same time. Even stranger is the fact that neither head of state is a resident or citizen of Andorra. One of the co-heads of state is the person elected as the President of France. The other co-head of state is a Bishop of the Catholic Church appointed by the Pope.
3
Andorra has never been at war with another country so they have enjoyed over 1,000 years of peace. The country has no national bank and until recently there were no taxes of any kind. Because there is no national bank, there is no national debt.
4
Food and goods for citizens of Andorra come from other countries, except for one cash crop. Most of the land for agriculture grows quality tobacco. That crop and the fact no taxes are levied has meant tax-free cigarettes. This has been the reason for a large volume of tourists coming for duty free shopping since the end of World War II.
5
Andorra is in the foothills of the Alps. Due to the elevations and clean air, many tourists who originally came for duty free shopping found great enjoyment in the natural environment of Andorra. This generated the development of excellent family ski facilities during winter. Hiking and camping are the big draw in the spring and summer months. The year around tourism has allowed Andorrans to enjoy almost constant 100% employment.

The capital of Andorra is Andorra la Vella. The currency of Andorra is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Andorra


Andorra belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with A


Leaders of Andorra
The Country dialling code of Andorra is +376, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Andorra is .ad
Map of Andorra
Population
71,822
Languages spoken in Andorra
Catalan
Animals native to Andorra / which animals live in Andorra?
Click here for all Animals in Andorra



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Andorra
42 30 N, 1 30 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
468 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
8.45 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.45 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 