Angola
Custom Search
Angola is an African country that is located in the south-central African region. It is formally known as the Republic of Angola. It is bordered to the south by Namibia, to the north by the Democratic Republic of Congo, to the east by Zambia and to its west is the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean. The capital city of Angola is known as Luanda. The size of Angola is very big almost twice the size of Texas which is very big as well. It measures precisely 1,246,700 sq km.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The climate of Angola is tropical on the northern side which is closer to the equator while arid to in the southern regions. This information is quite important for traveler so that they can know the best times to visit Angola. It is rainy in the northern region from November to April every year but the southern region gets rains twice, March to July and then again October to November.
2
Angola's capital city Luanda is one of the most expensive cities to live in worldwide. However, it offers a great nightlife for its residents and guests through its beautiful night clubs and hotels which are close to the coast and the beaches as well. During the day there is a lot of activity on the beaches while the night is significant with the music playing in the night clubs.
3
Lona National Park is Angola's largest national park and it borders the Atlantic Ocean which means it provides enough water for its animals that inhabit the park. The park also features very beautiful desert sand dunes and a wide variety of species of birds. Poaching during the world war reduced the number of large mammals but the park has been recovering from this over the years.
4
There is a bungalow that is built in the middle of the Kissama National Park where guests can stay and enjoy the wilderness while getting pampered on the balconies of the bungalow. The Kissama National Park is located about 70km south of the capital city, Luanda and it is home to a very wide variety of animals including the rare black palanca antelope.
5
The entire Angolan landscape is magnificent because it features unusual rock patterns that are a huge attraction, waterfalls that are magnificent, very steep gorges and the magnificent Namib Desert itself.

The capital of Angola is Luanda. The currency of Angola is the Kwanza(AOA) Flag of Angola


Angola is an African country


More countries starting with A

Airports in Angola
Monbaca Benguela, Cabinda, Huambo Nova Lisboa, Bie Silva Porto, Luanda, and Nzagi


Leaders of Angola
The Country dialling code of Angola is +244, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Angola is .ao
Map of Angola
Population
12,263,596
Languages spoken in Angola
Portuguese
Animals native to Angola / which animals live in Angola?
Click here for all Animals in Angola

Airlines in Angola
Click here for all Airlines in Angola

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Angola
12 30 S, 18 30 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,600 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,246,700 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
44.51 / 1000 population
Death rate
24.81 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
800 sq km 