Anguilla
Custom Search
Anguilla is a beautiful group of islands in the Caribbean, located east of Puerto Rico and the British Virgin Islands and just north of San Martin. The main island, also called Anguilla, is 16 miles long by 3,1 miles wide. The population is about 13,500. Its mild climate and prevailing trade winds make it an ideal destination year-round. There's a lot more to learn about Anguilla.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The climate is cooler and dryer than other Caribbean islands, thanks to those northeasterly trade winds. The average daily temperature is about 80 degrees Fahrenheit. Most of the rainfall occurs within hurricane season, from July to November. The average annual rainfall is about 35 inches.
2
Anguilla is both a British overseas territory and an overseas territory of the European Union. It's a self-governing island, having a parliamentary system of representative democracy. The head of government is called the Chief Minister. As a British overseas territory, Anguilla has no defense forces of its own; it's defended by the armed forces of the United Kingdom.
3
Anguilla is close to San Martin, separated from it by the Anguilla Channel. It's known for its spectacular beaches and coral reefs. Several smaller islands and cays make up the territory of Anguilla. These include Anguillita, Dog Island, Sandy Island, Seal Island, Prickly Pear Cay Scrub Island, Scilly Cay and Sombrero or Hat Island..
4
Anguilla's capital is The Valley, also the main town on Anguilla. One of the remaining examples of colonial architecture in The Valley is Wallblake House, built in 1787. It's used as a rectory today by the adjoining church. The ruins of the Old Court House is on Crocus Hill, the highest point in Anguilla.
5
Although English is the main language spoken on Anguilla, visitors will also hear Spanish, Chinese, and a Creole language called Anguillian. Anguillian is a dialect of Leeward Caribbean Creole English. Not related to the French Creole spoken in Haiti, Anguillian comes from English and West African languages. Linguists study Anguillian to understand its origins in West Africa, its relationship to European languages and origins of the Anguillian people.

The capital of Anguilla is The Valley. The currency of Anguilla is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Anguilla


Anguilla belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Anguilla
Wall Blake Airport

The Country dialling code of Anguilla is +1 264, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Anguilla is .ai
Map of Anguilla
Population
13,677
Languages spoken in Anguilla
Animals native to Anguilla / which animals live in Anguilla?
Click here for all Animals in Anguilla



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Anguilla
18 15 N, 63 10 W
Kilometers of coastline
61 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
102 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
13.97 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.34 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 