Antarctica
Custom Search
Situated on the underside of the globe, no continent can be further south than Antarctica. Near the center of the land mass is the South Pole. The land is almost completely covered in layers of ice and snow. The ice often has a bluish hue and the coastal waters are deep blue. Devoid of trees, the wonderland of mountains and ice formations is far removed from the appearance of the terrain on most of the other continents around the planet. Still, Antarctica has life and holds many other fascinating features such as these:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Eleven per cent of the land that is part of the continent of Antarctica is composed of floating ice shelves. Two countries in the Northern Hemisphere also have ice shelves and they are Greenland and Canada. These shelves form when ice piled on mountains and terrain slides down the coast and into the water.
2
The weather is extreme with high winds and normal temperatures between -40 and -90 degrees Fahrenheit. The lowest recorded temperature reached nearly to -130 degrees Fahrenheit. Then because the continent has little rainfall, Antarctica is considered a desert.
3
Flora and fauna do live on the continent, surviving the harsh climate. The most well-known and loved animals are the penguins and seals, of course. Microscopic animals are more prevalent such as nematodes and Tardigrades with their plump bodies and four pairs of legs. Fungi and bacteria live on Antarctica and the tundra provides the only vegetation.
4
Captain James Cook and his expedition ships are the first Europeans in recorded history to cross the Antarctic Circle. The year was 1773 in January. He made two more trips, one in December and another a month later, in January of 1774. Still, the first recorded landing on the continent was a seal hunter named John Davis. He landed on the western side in February of 1821.
5
Churches have been established on the Antarctic such as Catholic, one non-denominational Christian, one Bulgarian Orthodox and one Russian Orthodox. The continent has up to 5,000 temporary residents in the summer, mainly researchers and explorers. Wintertime sees smaller crowds of around 1,000 researchers.
The currency of Antarctica is the No universal currency() Flag of Antarctica


Antarctica belongs to the Antarctic continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Antarctica
Ice Runway, and Williams Field, Antarctic

List of seas in Antarctica
Amundsen Sea, Bellingshausen Sea, Davis Sea, Lazareva, more, Mawson Sea, Riser-Larsena, more, Ross Sea, and the Weddell Sea

The Country dialling code of Antarctica is +672, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Antarctica is .aq
Map of Antarctica
Population
0
Languages spoken in Antarctica
Animals native to Antarctica / which animals live in Antarctica?
Click here for all Animals in Antarctica



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Antarctica
90 00 S, 0 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
17,968 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
14000000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
sq km 