Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Custom Search
Ashmore and Cartier Islands are territory of Australia, which is located in the Indian Ocean. These islands are more than just land of sand and coral. Today, many may not be aware of what makes these wetlands so interesting. Here are some facts you may not know about Ashmore and Cartier Islands:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Ashmore and Cartier Islands have no population. Its only wells are undrinkable and land is very close to sea level. Occasionally, Indonesian fishermen come to the lagoon to fish. However, no tourists are allowed on the island without a permit from the Australian government.
2
The island of Ashmore Reef is very close to Indonesia. It is located just 114 kilometers south of the Indonesian island of Roti. Because of location, the Indonesians have been taking advantage of the resources since the eighteenth century. English has been made the official language of the islands, but Indonesian is the most common language spoken.
3
Ashmore Reef became national marine reserves in 1983, and Cartier in 2000. The purpose is to protect the sea life that inhabits the surrounding waters. The Reserve is what has kept these islands rich in biodiversity. Therefore, activities like fishing have certain restrictions enforced by Indonesian and Australian.
4
Immigrants from Indonesia used to be smuggled throughout the islands headed to Australia. When this became an issue for the Australian government, various methods was used to deter them in the future. After detaining countless asylum seekers, the islands are no longer part of an Australian Migration Zone since 2001.
5
The islands were named after the two European sailors who discovered them. The Ashmore Reef was named after Captain Samuel Ashmore when found he found the land on June 11, 1811. Cartier Island was later to be found by Captain Nash. After a long battle between countries for ownership, they were claimed by Australia on July 23, 1931.


More countries starting with A

The Country dialling code of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is
Map of Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Population
0
Languages spoken in Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Animals native to Ashmore and Cartier Islands / which animals live in Ashmore and Cartier Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Ashmore and Cartier Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Ashmore and Cartier Islands
12 14 S, 123 05 E
Kilometers of coastline
74.1 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
5 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 