Austria
Custom Search
Austria, officially known as the Republic of Austria, is a country in Central Europe. The terrain is mountainous due to the high percentage of the country located in the Alps. The primary language spoken is Austria is German, with regional dialects common. The capital of Austria is its largest city, Vienna. Some little known facts about Austria are as follows:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The capital of Austria, Vienna, is home to The Spanish Riding School, oddly enough. The school was founded over 400 years ago, and continues to be world renowned as the home of High School Classical Dressage and horsemanship. Only Lipizzaner Stallions, whose origin is Spanish, are ridden at the school. The school itself was commissioned in 1729 to be built at the Hofburg Palace, and is a model of baroque architecture
2
Austria has been the birthplace of many famous musicians. Vienna in particular is well known for its cultural influence on music in the 18th and 19th century. Joseph Haydn, Johann Strauss Jr and Sr, and Franz Schubert were all Austrian. The renowned composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Ludwig van Beethoven spent much of their adult life in Austria.
3
Austrian cuisine is famous for its strudels, particularly Apfelstrudel, or Apple Strudel. Other notable foods from Austria include the popular candy Pez, schnitzels, and fruit schnapps.
4
The Austrian city of Innsbruck will be the home of the first Winter Youth Olympics, in 2012. The city, located ideally between high mountains, has twice hosted the Winter Olympics, once in 1964 and again in 1974. The 1974 Olympics were the last hosted in the German-speaking Alps.
5
Austria has a self-declared status of neutrality. This means that they are ideally placed to participate in UN-led peacekeeping and humanitarian missions. The Austrian Forces Disaster Relief Unit is renowned for their search and rescue work with civilian dog handlers.

The capital of Austria is Vienna. The currency of Austria is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Austria


Austria belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Austria
Flughafen Wien-Schwechat, Aspern, Klagenfurt, Niederosterreich - Wiener Neustadt-Ost Flugplatz, Wels, Graz-Thalerhof-Flughafen, Innsbruck-Flughafen, Linz - Hoersching-Flughafen, Salzburg-Flughafen, and Zeltweg


Leaders of Austria
The Country dialling code of Austria is +43, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Austria is .at
Map of Austria
Population
8,199,783
Languages spoken in Austria
Croatian, Czech, German, Hungarian, Slovak, Slovenian, Romani
Car brands from Austria
Austro-Daimler, Denzel, Gräf und Stift, KTM, Laurin and Klement, Ledl, and Steyr

Animals native to Austria / which animals live in Austria?
Click here for all Animals in Austria

Airlines in Austria
Click here for all Airlines in Austria

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Austria
47 20 N, 13 20 E
Related micronations
Kugelmugel
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
82,444 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,426 square kilometers
Birth rate
8.69 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.84 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
40 sq km 