Bahamas

If your vacation destination includes sprawling beaches, an island escape and plenty of sunshine, then the Bahamas may be just what your searching for. Offering some of the most beautiful scenery, the Bahamas is one of the top vacation destinations and sees over 3 million tourist and visitors each year. While the Bahamas is mostly known for its tropical setting, it's also rich in history and culture as well as, a happening night life but here are some things you might not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Bahamas is a chain of 29 islands, with over 650 cays and is home to about 300,000 residents. These islands are situated across the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and has something to offer everyone.
2
The Bahamas sees over 320 days of sunshine every year. May thru October typically is the rainy season in Bahamas and the temperatures are still right around 85 degrees. Hurricane season, June to October, is generally not a problem even though there is always a risk, the Bahamas have seem to evade them for quite sometime.
3
Yes, there really were pirates in the Bahamas. The islands offer several grottos which makes perfect hiding places for pirates and there ships. The Bahamas is also full of blue holes in the ocean floor, which made for secret places to hide all the treasure. At one point, in 1718, the pirate problem was so out of hand, the Bahamas were made into a British Crown Colony just to take care of the problem and they succeeded.
4
The Bahamas didn't become an independent country with its own government until July, 1973. Before that time, the islands were a colony of Great Britain and had seen several invasions from the Spanish, French and even America. In fact, during the American Revolutionary War, Nassau was taken over by the Americans.
5
The Bahamas are a low level islands offering very little ridges. The highest point of the Bahamas can be found on Cat Island. Mt. Alvernia towers at 210 feet and there is nothing higher than it on the island.

The capital of Bahamas, The is Nassau. The currency of Bahamas is the Bahamian Dollar(BSD)
Bahamas belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in Bahamas, The
Stella Maris, Rock Sound International, Nassau International Airport, Inagua International, Great Harbour Cay Airport, Freeport International Airport, and Exuma


Leaders of Bahamas, The
The Country dialling code of Bahamas, The is +1 242, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Bahamas, The is .bs
Map of Bahamas, The
Population
305,655
Languages spoken in Bahamas, The
English
Animals native to Bahamas, The / which animals live in Bahamas, The?
Click here for all Animals in Bahamas, The

Airlines in Bahamas, The
Click here for all Airlines in Bahamas, The

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Bahamas, The
24 15 N, 76 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
3,542 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
10,070 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
3,870 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.3 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.13 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
10 sq km 