Benin
Custom Search
Benin, formally the Kingdom Dahomey, located in Western Africa, is rich with history and culture. History tells us Benin has seen its fair share of demise as well as the rise to accomplishment. Here are a few facts about Benin that you may or not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Benin's main exports are cotton, oil, palm products and cocoa. While the primary industries are textiles, chemical production and food production, Benin imports very little necessities. Capitol goods, petroleum products and food stuffs are the top imports with China being the largest supplier. While Benin's economy is severely under developed, the country continues to maintain a steady flow with it's economy being based upon agriculture and cotton.
2
Benin's type of Government is Republic and is based upon French civil law. Benin, formally Kingdom of Dahomey, became self governing in the french community in 1958 and found it's independence from France in August 1, 1960. This is now a national holiday in Benin. Porto-Novo is the capitol of Benin but most business is conducted is Cotonou.
3
Benin, primarily a Fon speaking nation and French the official language, has a population of over 8 million residents. More than 42 ethnic groups create the population including African, Adja and Bariba just to name a few. Several religions also are present, with Catholicism being the largest practiced at 42 percent of the population.
4
At one point the coast of Benin was more commonly called the West African Slave Coast. The Portuguese were the first to explore the Benin coast and introduced slave trading around 1472. Slave trading was later abolished by the French but not until 1826 which brought about nearly 300 years of enslavement of African people.
5
Beninois, in the south of the country, have Akan-based names. The names usually indicate the day of the week that person was born. This is a long held tradition originally introduced by the Akan people.

The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo. The currency of Benin is the CFA Franc BCEAO †(XOF) Flag of Benin


Benin is an African country


More countries starting with B

Airports in Benin
Cotonou, Kandi, and Parakou


Leaders of Benin
The Country dialling code of Benin is +229, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Benin is .bj
Map of Benin
Population
8,078,314
Languages spoken in Benin
French
Animals native to Benin / which animals live in Benin?
Click here for all Animals in Benin

Airlines in Benin
Click here for all Airlines in Benin

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Benin
9 30 N, 2 15 E
Kilometers of coastline
121 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
110,620 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
2,000 square kilometers
Birth rate
38.1 / 1000 population
Death rate
11.94 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
120 sq km 