Bhutan
Custom Search
Bhutan, or the Kingdom of Bhutan, is one of the most isolated places in the world. It is located between India and South China with a population of about 700,000 people. The Land of the Thunder Dragon, as it is called, gets its name from the violent storms that often arrive from the Himalayas during the stormy seasons. Bhutan, is the last independent Buddhist kingdom in the world with over 95% of its citizens being Buddhists and the beliefs and culture of the country is protected by the Bhutanese government from all foreign influences. The bringing of any religious paraphernalia other than Buddhist paraphernalia, is restricted and violators can be prosecuted by law. The nation of Bhutan has slowly become a tourism attraction over the past decade because of the country's beauty and uniqueness. When visiting Asia, particularly Bhutan, there are five important things that tourists need to know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Tobacco is banned in Bhutan, and cigarettes and other tobacco products are inaccessible in the Nation of Bhutan. Police can raid homes and enforce the tobacco free law of the Nation.
2
Tourists are expected to spend a minimum of $200 US Dollars a day, which means visiting the area can be an expensive adventure. This was mandated to keep tourism at a minimum due to the size of the country. Bhutan is too small to accept massive tourists at one time.
3
The Bhutan tradition is to refuse food when it is offered you for up to three times before accepting the offer.
4
Also, you are expected to cover your mouth and say the words 'meshu' twice before accepting food offered to you.
5
Bhutan is one of the few 43 landlocked countries in the world. Landlocked countries are cut-off from fishing and the access to seaborne trade, which makes Bhutan and other landlocked countries, financially distressed nations or areas.

The capital of Bhutan is Thimphu. The currency of Bhutan is the Indian Rupee(INR) and the Ngultrum(BTN). Flag of Bhutan


Bhutan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with B


Leaders of Bhutan
The Country dialling code of Bhutan is +975, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Bhutan is .bt
Map of Bhutan
Population
2,327,849
Languages spoken in Bhutan
Dzongkha, English
Animals native to Bhutan / which animals live in Bhutan?
Click here for all Animals in Bhutan

Airlines in Bhutan
Click here for all Airlines in Bhutan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Bhutan
27 30 N, 90 30 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
47,000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
33.28 / 1000 population
Death rate
12.46 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
400 sq km 