Brazil

Brazil has a lot of attractions that you cannot ignore. Beautiful natural features, great cities and a golden coast are just some of the few things that define this beautiful country. Just to make sure you do not get lost in all the fun and beauty, you should have the five basic facts about Brazil in mind.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Amazon Rainforest'Considered one of the biggest rain forests in the world, the Amazon rainforest plays home to many animal and plant species. Some few native Americans also consider the forest their home and still live according to their ancient life ways in the forest.
2
The amazing Pantanal'This is a huge swamp in located in the Midwest of Brazil. Any traveler who has visited the place will testify of the beauty of the natural vegetation and wild animals that live in and around the swamp. The Pantanal covers a large area and is frequent by many travelers who love canoeing and water sports.
3
Rio de Janeiro'This is the best place to start any Brazil tour. Considered one of the world's mega cities, Rio is home to inhabitants from different backgrounds and ways of life. On one side of the city, you will easily find many famous beaches while on the other side you will find a steep mountain range. The city also has many museums and parks.
4
The Iguaca Falls'This is more than just a waterfall; it is a waterfall complex. Iguaca Falls has layers of waterfalls that descend upon each other in different directions. The waterfalls produce a roaring sound as they hit the hard jungle canopy surface below. This is one of the most visited sites in South America and one of the best tourist attraction sites in Brazil.
5
The golden coast'The coast hosts dozen of beautiful beaches. The coast was the first part of Brazil to be colonized by the Portuguese and the structures and the culture within the place still show evidence to this. The people around the coast are friendly and you can be sure of having an unforgettable time visiting.

The capital of Brazil is Brasília. The currency of Brazil is the Brazilian Real(BRL) Flag of Brazil


Brazil belongs to the South American continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in Brazil
Teresina, Pinto Martins, Augusto Severo, Aeroporto Internacional Salgado Filho, Conceicao Do Araguaia, Afonsos Aeroporto, Anapolis Braz-Afb, Aracaju Aeroporto, Alta Floresta Aeroporto, Belem Aeroporto, Bage Aeroporto, Belo Horizonte Aeroporto, Curitiba, Barbacena, Brasilia Aeroporto, Bauru, Boa Vista, Boa Vista Intl, Barra Do Garcas, Cachimbo, Campo Grande Aeroporto, Maranhao - Carolina Airport, Carajas - Maraba, Porto Alegre, Campos, Corumba, Caravelas, Cuiaba Aeroporto, Cruzeiro Do Sul, Presidente Prudente, Eduardo Gomes International, Jacareacanga, S. P. Aldeia Aerodrome, Foz Do Iguacu Aeroporto, Florianopolis Aeroporto, Fernando De Noronha, Goiania Aeroporto, Guarulhos Airport, Guaratingueta, Altamira, Itaituba, Ilheus Aeroporto, Imperatriz, Joao Pessoa, Campina Grande, Campinas Aeroporto, Londrina Aeroporto, Bom Jesus Da Lapa, Maraba, Macae, Maringa, Montes Claros, Maceio Aeroporto, Macapa, Mocoro - 17 Rosado, Marte Civ - Mil, Manicore, Oiapoque, Parnaiba Aeroporto, Pocos De Caldas, Passo Fundo, Paranagua, Pelotas, Petrolina, Porto Nacional Aeroporto, Ponta Pora Intl, Porto Seguro, Porto Velho Aeroporto, Vitoria Da Conquista, Rio Branco, Recife Aeroporto, Rio De Janeiro Aeroporto, Leite Lopes - Ribeir, Sao Carlos, Rio De Janeiro-Santa Cruz Ab, Sao Jose Dos Campo, Sao Luiz Aeroporto, Santa Maria Aero-Porto, Santarem-Aeroporto, Santos Aeroporto, Salvador Aeroporto, Tefe, Tarauaca, Tabatinga, Tucurui, Sao Gabriel Da Cachoeira, Paulo Afonso, Uberlandia, Uberaba, Vilhena Aeroporto, Vitoria Aeroporto, Iauarete, Pirassununga, Belo Horizonte, Curitiba Aeroporto, Galeao, Juiz De Fora, Rio - Jacarepagua, Manaus Aeroporto, Sao Paulo-Congonhas Aeroporto, Uruguaiana Aeroporto, Barra, Joinville, and SSOQ - Fazenda Barranco Alto


Leaders of Brazil
The Country dialling code of Brazil is +55, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Brazil is .br

List of oil fields in Brazil (1)
Map of Brazil
Population
190,010,647
Languages spoken in Brazil
Portuguese
Car brands from Brazil
Brasinca, DKW-Vemag, Emme, FNM, Gurgel, Obvio!, Pag, Puma, and Sta Matilde

Animals native to Brazil / which animals live in Brazil?
Click here for all Animals in Brazil

Airlines in Brazil
Click here for all Airlines in Brazil

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Brazil
10 00 S, 55 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
7,491 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
8,456,510 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
55,455 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.3 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.19 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
29,200 sq km 