British Virgin Islands
Custom Search
The British Virgin Islands are a group of more than 60 islands located northwest of the Lesser Antillies and next to the United States Virgin Islands. The population of the islands is approximately 51,000 but tourism brings as many as 400,000 every year. With an average temperature of a tropical 85 degrees, the British Virgin Islands are renown for their blue water, tropical greenery and relaxing atmosphere. In addition to being a Caribbean paradise, there are a few facts you may not know about these islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Like cars and scooters, bicycles are required to have and display a license. Cycling is a popular mode of transportation on the islands and given the number of cyclists in the area and bicycle rental facilities, traffic laws and an ability to track every vehicle is necessary.
2
Popular exports from the British Virgin Islands include fish, rum, fruits and vegetables and oddly enough, sand and gravel.
3
Despite their consistently tropical weather, the British Virgin Islands have a tourist season that runs from December to May. This coincides with the consistently less-than-balmy weather in the United States and Europe, forcing people away from their winter blues.
4
Tourism makes up for nearly half of the revenue for the British Virgin Islands, far surpassing any exports.
5
The Ciboney Indians from the Americas were the first people to inhabit the British Virgin Islands. A century afterwards, the islands were colonized by the Arawak Indians, and then the Carib Indians from South America. A century after the colonization by the Carib Indians, Christopher Columbus discovered the islands and named them, according to legend, Las Once Mil Virgines.

The capital of British Virgin Islands is Road Town. Flag of British Virgin Islands


British Virgin Islands belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in British Virgin Islands
Virgin Gorda, Beef Island, and Anegada

The Country dialling code of British Virgin Islands is +1 284, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of British Virgin Islands is .vg
Map of British Virgin Islands
Population
23,552
Languages spoken in British Virgin Islands
Animals native to British Virgin Islands / which animals live in British Virgin Islands?
Click here for all Animals in British Virgin Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of British Virgin Islands
18 30 N, 64 30 W
Kilometers of coastline
80 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
153 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
14.82 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.42 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 