British Indian Ocean Territory
Custom Search
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Folklore claims that seaman have been stranded on islands in the Indian Ocean throughout history. The Islands of the British Indian Ocean Territory were originally French colonies. The first settlers were slaves on the coconut plantations that were established there. The territory was transferred to the British in the Treaty of Paris in 1810. They were severed from the Seychelles in 1965.
2
The British Indian Ocean Territory has no native peoples; its indigenous culture is that of its colonizers. The largest island, Diego Garcia, is home to about 4,000 people from the United Kingdom and the United States. Most of these people are either in the military or are government contractors.
3
In 1971 the United States signed a treaty with the United Kingdom that allowed the US to build a military base on Diego Garcia. Since the island is in the Indian Ocean, and therefore near Russia, it was a good strategic move for the US to arrange to have a military presence there. In return, the US gave the UK some nuclear missiles for a discounted price.
4
No one lives on any of the other islands in the territory. When the military base was being built on Diego Garcia, all of the people living there were moved to the island of Mauritius, another territory that came into British possession after being a French colony. These people are called the Chagossians, and they have tried to sue for the right to move back to Diego Garcia, although rulings were not in their favor.
5
The British Indian Ocean Territory functions solely as a military base and thus is subject to the laws of the UK. It has no constitution or national holidays. It has a commissioner, Tony Crombie, and an administrator, Tony Humphries. Both live in England and were appointed by Queen Elizabeth II.

The capital of British Indian Ocean Territory is Diego Garcia. The currency of British Indian Ocean Territory is the US Dollar(USD)
British Indian Ocean Territory belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in British Indian Ocean Territory
Diego Garcia

The Country dialling code of British Indian Ocean Territory is +246, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of British Indian Ocean Territory is .io
Map of British Indian Ocean Territory
Population
0
Languages spoken in British Indian Ocean Territory
Animals native to British Indian Ocean Territory / which animals live in British Indian Ocean Territory?
Click here for all Animals in British Indian Ocean Territory



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of British Indian Ocean Territory
6 00 S, 71 30 E; note - Diego Garcia 7 20 S, 72 25 E
Kilometers of coastline
698 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
60 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
54,340 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 