Burkina Faso
Custom Search
Burkina Faso is located in Africa in the Sahel region and is between the rainforests of the coast and the Sahara Desert. Situated on a savanna, the environment consists of brush, occasional trees and fields. Neighbors include Niger and Mali on the Northwest; the capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou. With wet and dry seasons that are very pronounced, it is about the size of the state of Colorado. Some of the lesser known facts regarding Burkina Faso include the following:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Islam, Christianity and indigenous religion are practiced side by side with large acceptance of different beliefs. According to Wikipedia, a popular saying in the country is that 50% are Muslim, 50% are Christian, and 100% are animist.
2
Although it is one of the poorest countries in the world, Burkina Faso has a stable government and is home to an important film festival every two years, the Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou (FESPACO). This festival is one of the most exciting film venues in Africa.
3
Burkina Faso has the one of the largest elephant populations in Africa and has recently signed a West African Elephant conservation pact. Elephants in West Africa may be a different species than other African elephants according to the IUCN Species Survival Commission's African Elephant Specialist Group.
4
With a rich combination of wildlife, Burkina Faso is also home to endangered cheetahs, aardvarks, lions, baboons, warthogs and crocodiles. With streams and rivers running through the country, the crocodile has flourished. A unique animal found in the country is the giant pangolin, a mammal with a scale-like skin and appearance that resembles a reptile.
5
The name Burkina Faso, which means land of honest men, is a result of a coup in 1983 in which Thomas Sankara developed relations with Libya and Ghana. Before that time, the country was known as Upper Volta.

The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou. The currency of Burkina Faso is the CFA Franc BCEAO †(XOF) Flag of Burkina Faso


Burkina Faso is an African country


More countries starting with B

Airports in Burkina Faso
Ouahigouya, Dori, Fada N'Gourma, Ouagadougou, Dedougou, and Bobo-Dioulasso


Leaders of Burkina Faso
The Country dialling code of Burkina Faso is +226, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Burkina Faso is .bf
Map of Burkina Faso
Population
14,326,203
Languages spoken in Burkina Faso
French, Moore, Jula, Fula
Animals native to Burkina Faso / which animals live in Burkina Faso?
Click here for all Animals in Burkina Faso

Airlines in Burkina Faso
Click here for all Airlines in Burkina Faso

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Burkina Faso
13 00 N, 2 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
273,800 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
400 square kilometers
Birth rate
45.28 / 1000 population
Death rate
15.31 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
250 sq km 