Canada

One of the most peaceful and nature loving countries in the world is the great country of Canada. It is also one of the must cultural diverse countries in the entire world, which help to make this an exceptional country to live in and a fantastic country to visit. It has one of the strongest economies in the world and the crime rate is one of the lowest in the world. Even with all this there are also some interesting things you may have never known about this great country in the north.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Canada is the second largest country in the world, just behind Russia. Even with its large size it has the fourth lowest population density in the world, averaging just three people per square kilometers. Of those residents, more then half of Canada's residents were born in other countries.
2
Canada is the country that has some of the most useful inventions known to man. These remarkable inventions include basketball, the light bulb, the electric range, the electron microscope, the telephone, standard time, the ever popular television, the zipper, and the very first snowmobile. With so small of a population these are amazing feats.
3
Canda is home to some of the most unique cities in the entire world. Montreal is known as the city of churches and actually has more churches then homes. Toronto has a population of about five million extremely smart people. There are more residents with college degrees then in any other city in the world.
4
The climate and terrain also has some unique and interesting characteristics to it. Most of the country is covered in snow for more then six months a year. Among this cold snowy land is one desert and it is 15 miles long and has a boardwalk so the residents can avoid walking on it.
5
The country of Canada shares a border with the U.S, which is not only the longest in the world it is also the only unprotected one. Canada and the U.S have a great relationship and Canada produces so much excess energy that it gladly shares it with its southern neighbor.

The capital of Canada is Ottawa. The currency of Canada is the Canadian Dollar(CAD) Flag of Canada


Canada belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Canada
Sault Ste Marie, Ont., Saint Anthony Airport, Tofino Airport, Baie Comeau, Que., Bella Coola Airport, Baker Lake, N. W. T., Brandon, Man., Calgary - Springbank, Blanc Sablon, Que., Cambridge Bay, N. W. T., Nanaimo Airport, Castlegar Airport, Charlo, N. B., Coppermine, N. W. T., Chetwynd Airport, Clyde, N. W. T., Princeton Airport, Deer Lake, Nfld., Dawson Creek Airport, Arviat Airport, Elliot Lake Supplementary Aviation Weather Reporting Station, Estevan, Sask., Edson, Alta., Inuvik, N. W. T., Iqaluit, N. W. T., Flin Flon Airport, Fort Resolution, Fort Simpson, N. W. T., Golden Airport, Fort Good Hope Airport, Kingston, Ont., La Grande Riviere, Que, Gaspe, Que., Geraldton, Ont., Havre St Pierre, Hudson Bay, Sask., Dryden Airport, Holman Island Airport, Gjoa Haven Airport, Hamilton Airport, Hay River, N. W. T., Halifax International Airport, Digby Airport Aviation Weather Reporting Station, Ivujivik Airport Supplementary Aviation Weather Reporting Station, Pond Inlet, N. W. T., Stephenville, Nfld., Aklavik Airport, Waterloo Well, Schefferville, Que., Akulivik Airport, Kindersley, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., Meadow Lake, Sask., Lloydminister, Alta., Kelowna Airport, Moose Jaw, Sask., Charlevoix Airport, Moosonee, Ont., Chibougamau-Chapais, Que, Montreal - Mirabel, Natashquan, Que., Gatineau Airport, Matagami, Que., Old Crow Airport, Cold Lake, Alta., High Level, Alta, Ottawa Int'L. Ont., Prince Albert, Sask., Paulatuk Airport, Port Hawkesbury, Peace River, Alta., Portage Southport A, Peterborough Airport, Prince Rupert, B. C., Powell River Airport, Povungnituq, Muskoka, Ont., The Pas, Man., Red Deer, Alta., Windsor, Ont., Watson Lake, Y. T., Yarmouth, N. S., Kenora, Ont., Moncton, N. B., Comox, B. C., Thunder Bay, Ont., Grande Prairie, Alta., Yorkton, Sask., North Battleford, Sask., Gander Int. Airport, Nfld., Sydney, N. S., Resolute, N. W. T., Roberval, Que., Red Lake, Ont., Rankin Inlet, N. W. T., Greater Sudbury Airport, Saint John, N. B., Fort Smith, N. W. T., Nanisivik Airport, Cape Dorset, N. W. T., Thompson Weather Office, Man, Trenton, Ont., Timmins, Ont., Tuktoyaktuk, Montreal - Pierre Elliot Trudeau International Airport, Que, Repulse Bay Airport, Hall Beach, N. W. T., Rouyn Airport, Broughton Island Airport, Val D'Or, Que., Kuujjuaq, Que., Norman Wells, N. W. T., Wiarton, Ont., Petawawa, Ont., Wabush Lake, Nfld., Williams Lake, B. C., Wainwright Airport, Wrigley Airport, Cranbrook, B. C., Saskatoon, Sask., Medicine Hat, Alta., Fort St John, B. C., Sioux Lookout, Ont., Earlton, Ont., Prince George, B. C., Terrace, B. C., London, Ont., Abbotsford, B. C., Whitehorse, Y. T., Wawa, Ont., Calgary International, Alta., Smithers, B. C., Fort Nelson, B. C., Spence Bay Airport, Victoria International Airport, Lynn Lake, Man., Churchill, Man., Goose, Nfld., Kapuskasing, Ont., Armstrong, Ont., Mont Joli, Que., Toronto Pearson Int'L. Ont., Gore Bay, Ont., Yellowknife, N. W. T., Slave Lake, Alta, Sandspit, B. C., Sarnia Airport, Coral Harbour, N. W. T., Port Hardy, B. C., Sept-Iles, Que., Greenwood, N. S., Mackenzie, B. C., Bathurst Airport Aviation Weather Reporting Station, Fort Mcpherson Airport, Pincher Creek Airport, Edmonton - Villeneuve, Shearwater, N. S., Pelly Bay Airport, Bagotville, Que., Campbell River Airport, Chatham Can-Mil, Blue River, B. C., Coronation Marine Aviation Reporting Station, Dawson, Y. T., Burwash Airport, Dauphin, Man., Edmonton International, Alta., Eureka Man, Fredericton, N. B., Gimli Industrial, Man, Iles De La Madeleineque., Kamloops, B. C., Toronto Buttonville, Alert Airport, Fort Mcmurray, Alta., Pickle Lake Man, Port Menier Man, Burns Lake, Jean Lesage International Airport, Lethbridge, Alta., Regina, Quesnel Airport, Rocky Mountain House, Alta, Sherbrooke, Que., Saint Leonard Airport, Saint Catharines Airport, Summerside Can-Mil, Sachs Harbour Airport, Toronto Island Airport Automated Reporting Station, La Ronge, Sask, Vancouver International Airport, B. C., Buffalo Narrows Man, Winnipeg Int. Airportman., Edmonton Municipal Alta., Pangnirtung Airport, North Bay, Ont., Penticton, B. C., Charlottetown, P. E. I., Swift Current, Sask., St. John's, Nfld, Whitecourt, Alta., Teslin, Y. T., Faro Airport, and Churchill Falls, Nfld.


Leaders of Canada
List of seas in Canada
Baie d'Hudson, Bulkhead Rip, Cape Rip, Clement Rapids, Dent Rapids, Dicks Rip, Eastern Chops, Galloway Rapids, Greene Point Rapids, Indian River, Leading Tickles, Long Rip, Mer de Lincoln, Mer du Labrador, Moore Rip, Nakwakto Rapids, Northwest Rip, Outer Bald Rip, Pollock Rip, Prince Gustaf Adolf Sea, Quoddy River, Shag Harbour Rip, Short Rip, Tail of the Rip, The Overfalls, The Rip, The Swirlers, The Tittle, Thimble Tickles, Whirlpool Rapids, and the Wilsons Rip

The Country dialling code of Canada is +1, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Canada is .ca
Map of Canada
Population
33,390,141
Languages spoken in Canada
Chipewyan, Cree, Dogrib, English, French, Gwich'in, Inuinnaqtun, Inuktitut, Slavey
Animals native to Canada / which animals live in Canada?
Click here for all Animals in Canada

Airlines in Canada
Click here for all Airlines in Canada
Phone manufacturers in Canada
Sierra Wireless



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Canada
60 00 N, 95 00 W
Related micronations
L'Anse-Saint-Jean
Vikesland
Kilometers of coastline
202,080 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
9,093,507 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
891,163 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.75 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.86 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
7,850 sq km
