Central African Republic
Custom Search
The Central African Republic is a landlocked country that is located in Central Africa. It borders Sudan to the northeast, Chad to the north, South Sudan to the south east and the Democratic Republic of Congo to its south. It covers about 240,000 square miles in area and has a population of an estimated 4,4 million people. The capital city of Central African Republic is Bnagui. Two thirds of the country lies Ubangi river basin while the remaining third on River Chari's basin.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The country is landlocked meaning that it does not have a coastline. Much of its land consists of flat rolling plateau savannah. At 240,000 square miles, the Central African Republic is the world's 42nd largest country. It has am 8% of forest cover which is much dense in the south region.
2
The CAR as it is abbreviated relies mostly on agriculture to support its economy. The most common foods cultivated in the Central African Republic are; cassava, peanuts, maize, millet, sorghum and maize among others. The GDP of the country is just over 3%. The country's largest import partner in international trade is South Korea by 20% followed by France and Cameroon among others.
3
In 1960, the population of the Central African Republic was just 1, 232,000. However, many years after independence, the population has quadrupled to 4,422,000 according to 2009's estimates by the United Nations. The country is divided into 80 ethnic groups which make up the several languages that are ethnic. The largest is Baya by 33%, Banda by 28%, Mandjia and Sara among others respectively.
4
Most of the people in Central African Republic are Christians forming 80% of the entire population. The other part of the population is believed to be affiliated to indigenous beliefs. However, there are Muslim followers who make about 10% of the population as well. This has enabled many missionary groups to set up projects in the region.
5
There is free public education in Central African Republic and it actually compulsory for children between 6 years and 14 years. However, almost half of the adult population is considered illiterate.

The capital of Central African Republic is Bangui. The currency of Central African Republic is the CFA Franc BEAC ‡(XAF) Flag of Central African Republic


Central African Republic is an African country


More countries starting with C

Airports in Central African Republic
Obo, Bangui, Bangassou, Birao, Bossembele, Bambari, N'Dele, Bouar, Bria, Bossangoa, Berberati, and Yalinga


Leaders of Central African Republic
The Country dialling code of Central African Republic is +236, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Central African Republic is .cf
Map of Central African Republic
Population
4,369,038
Languages spoken in Central African Republic
French, Sango
Animals native to Central African Republic / which animals live in Central African Republic?
Click here for all Animals in Central African Republic



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Central African Republic
7 00 N, 21 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
622,984 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
33.52 / 1000 population
Death rate
18.46 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
20 sq km 