Cambodia
Custom Search
The country of Cambodia is often most well-known for its role in Vietnam and the Khmer Rouge genocide. However, today Cambodia is a stable and tourist-friendly nation, ready to share its ancient culture and beautiful temples with the outside world. Still, after decades of strife and secrecy, many are unfamiliar with this small, yet beautiful, nation. Below are five interesting facts you may not have known about Cambodia.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The most popular tourist destination in Cambodia is Angkor Wat, a massive temple built in the 12th century. Angkor Wat has undergone extensive restoration during the last few decades and is, to this day, still used as a Buddhist temple. Tourists can take guided tours of the temple, or wander on their own to enjoy the stunning art and architecture.
2
Cambodia had a rough 19th century. First, as a French Colony, Cambodians fought for their independence and right to democracy, only to then be taken under the control of a Communist dictatorship after being bombed in the Vietnam War. The genocide that followed is still a heavy scar on the nation's psyche, although Cambodia has been a peaceful constitutional monarchy since 1999.
3
Most think of Cambodia's lush rainforests when considering its geography, but the nation also has nearly 300 miles of tropical coast. Tourists can snorkel, fish, or simply soak up the sun on the white sands. Other popular natural attractions include jungle treks and elephant riding.
4
The vast majority of Cambodians are Buddhist. In fact, many young citizens spend at least a few months living as monks before heading out into the world. Because of the centuries of Buddhist tradition in the nation, there are many temples to visit. One of the most popular is Ta Prohm, ruins overgrown by hundreds of years of jungle encroachment.
5
Despite its troubled past, Cambodia is now a growing nation. There are five times as many births as deaths in the country, and recent economic gains from tourism and natural resources have bolstered the economy. With a young population and stability at last, Cambodia hopes to become a prosperous nation in the coming years.

The capital of Cambodia is Phnom Penh. The currency of Cambodia is the Riel(KHR) Flag of Cambodia


Cambodia belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Cambodia
Pochentong International Airport, Kompong-Cham, Siemreap, and Battambang


Leaders of Cambodia
The Country dialling code of Cambodia is +855, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cambodia is .kh
Map of Cambodia
Population
13,995,904
Languages spoken in Cambodia
Khmer
Animals native to Cambodia / which animals live in Cambodia?
Click here for all Animals in Cambodia

Airlines in Cambodia
Click here for all Airlines in Cambodia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cambodia
13 00 N, 105 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
443 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
176,520 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
4,520 square kilometers
Birth rate
25.53 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.24 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
2,700 sq km 