Comoros
Custom Search
Found in the western part of the Indian Ocean, the Comoros is made up of four islands (Grande Comore the youngest island and it is described as an active volcanic island with lava flow from a recent volcanic activity, Anjouan, Mayotte the oldest formed from volcanic activities and Moheli) and a number of islets. The islands can be located between Madagascar and Africa at the Northern end of the Mozambique Channel. These islands are unique because they are of different ages. The inhabitants of the area are a mixture of Madagascans, Africans, Arabs and Asians. They were brought together due to the ancient maritime trade which was a major economic activity of the Indian Ocean in the area in the past.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Comoros Islands were the center of ancient trade that took place around the Indian Ocean. Most boats and ships used to anchor especially the town of Domino which was the centre of trade. The town had an expanded trade that went all the way to Japan. Vasco da Gama the explorer had the opportunity to visit the town.
2
Did know that the boats that the sailors used were entirely made out of wood. This means that not even a nail was used in its construction. This made the boat ships sail at a very high speed. The ships were made in a way that they were long lasting. They were suitable for the economic activities then for the town.
3
The islands are offering beautiful scenery especially because of the exotic vegetation and animal species that are rare. The likes of the Livingstone's flying fox a bad that four feet. Unfortunately some of these animals are facing extinction due to the fact that the population round the area has greatly increased over the years.
4
Coelacanth a rare species of fish that was thought to be nonexistent for a period of about 60 million years is found in the Comoros Island and is fished by fishermen.
5
The Comoros Islands have a very interesting system of government where by a president is elected from each island in a rotational manner. This applies to three Islands because Mayotte is still under the influence of the French national.

The capital of Comoros is Moroni. Flag of Comoros


Comoros is an African country


More countries starting with C

Airports in Comoros
Hahaya International Airport, Ouani Anjouan, Dzaoudzi - Pamanzi Mayotte, and Moroni


Leaders of Comoros
The Country dialling code of Comoros is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Comoros is
Map of Comoros
Population
711,417
Languages spoken in Comoros
Arabic, Comorian, French
Animals native to Comoros / which animals live in Comoros?
Click here for all Animals in Comoros

Airlines in Comoros
Click here for all Airlines in Comoros

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Comoros
12 10 S, 44 15 E
Kilometers of coastline
340 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
2,170 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
36.35 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.95 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 