Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Custom Search
The Democratic Republic of Congo or DR Congo in short is a country located in Central Africa. The country has vast rain forests, produces oil and has lots of mining reserves. Those are what the Democratic Republic of Congo is better known for, however, there are great attractive sites in the country and 5 of those are listed below.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Kinshasa University located in Kinshasa, the capital city of DR Congo, is famous for a rich collection of pre-historic and ethnographic artifacts and historic records. The collection of artifacts at the university dates back to the pre and post colonial period and exhibits the culture of the indigenous people of DR Congo.
2
Kinkole port, which neighbors the capital city Kinshasa, is an attractive port with deep waters for fishing. Visitors can visit the region for boat riding and fishing under the cool breeze. The port town is also favorable for swimming due to the warm climatic conditions that spread all over the Democratic Republic of Congo.
3
Another tourist attraction site in the Democratic Republic of Congo is the beautiful Nsele gardens of the presidential farm. The gardens are easily and quickly accessible as they neighbor the capital. However, caution should be taken coz, though open to public, the gardens being on a presidential garden are likely to be on round the clock protection.
4
Wildlife is probably the greatest tourist attraction in DR Congo just like in most other African countries. The Upemba national park, through which river Lualaba runs, surrounds several lakes which host crocodiles, hippopotamuses, and various birds' species. The national park is also home to lions, antelopes, zebras etc
5
Mount Nyiragongo, Nord-Kivu, is a unique mountain as it is one of few volcanoes in the world with a nearly permanent lake of lava in it. The lava lake depth has grown to around 600 meters and is often the largest lake of lava in the world. The volcano is usually very active, with regular eruptions that produce a rare type of very fluid lava.

The capital of Congo, Democratic Republic of the is Kinshasa.

More countries starting with C

Airports in Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Kamina Base, Ndjili, Kitona Base, Moanda, Matadi, Inongo, Bandundu, Kikwit, Mbandaka, Gemena, Boende, Kisangani, Goma, Kindu, Lubumbashi-Luano, Kolwezi, Manono, Kalemie, Kongolo, Kananga, Tshikapa, Lodja, Lusambo, and Mbuji-Mayi


Leaders of Congo, Democratic Republic of the
The Country dialling code of Congo, Democratic Republic of the is +243, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Congo, Democratic Republic of the is .cd
Map of Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Population
65,751,512
Languages spoken in Congo, Democratic Republic of the
French, Lingala, Kikongo, Swahili, Tshiluba
Animals native to Congo, Democratic Republic of the / which animals live in Congo, Democratic Republic of the?
Click here for all Animals in Congo, Democratic Republic of the

Airlines in Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Click here for all Airlines in Congo, Democratic Republic of the

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Congo, Democratic Republic of the
0 00 N, 25 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
37 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
2,267,600 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
77,810 square kilometers
Birth rate
42.96 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.34 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
110 sq km 