Cyprus
Custom Search
Most of us outside the country know Cyprus as the island of discord between the Greeks and Turks. We might also know it as the setting for Shakespeare's Othello, which of course is not meant to be read as a history play. But there is much else about the country that is worth learning more about. Among them are the following:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Various explanations have been given for the origin of the country's name. Some scholars say that it comes from the Greek word for 'copper' ('-); the island does have large copper deposits. Others argue that the reverse is the case, however, i. e. that the metal was named for the island. These scholars believe that Cyprus was named for the cypress tree that grows there.
2
Archeologists have uncovered the remains of the Khirokitia culture, dating from the 6000S B.C.E. These ruins include impressive round stone hilltop fortresses and evidence of communal living. This is the oldest culture known to have existed on the island. It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1998.
3
The Cypriot city of Salamis figures prominently in classical Greece, both in legend and in history. Ajax, the famed hero of the Trojan War (and of a tragedy by Sophocles), was supposedly the son of the King of Salamis. During the 5th century B.C.E., the city was the site of two separate battles between the Greeks and the Persians. And a Jewish uprising at Salamis during the 100s C.E. was crushed by the Romans.
4
The conflict between the Greeks and the Turks in Cyprus has also been the source of animosity between Greece and Turkey themselves. Their mutual hostility has persisted despite the fact that both countries have been members of NATO. Only Turkey recognizes the self- proclaimed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
5
Popular singer George Michael is the son of a restaurateur from Cyprus who moved to England in the 1950s.

The capital of Cyprus is Nicosia. The currency of Cyprus is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Cyprus


Cyprus belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Cyprus
Paphos International Airport, Larnaka International Airport, Ercan, Akrotiri, and Athalassa


Leaders of Cyprus
The Country dialling code of Cyprus is +357, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cyprus is .cy
Map of Cyprus
Population
788,457
Languages spoken in Cyprus
Greek, Turkish
Animals native to Cyprus / which animals live in Cyprus?
Click here for all Animals in Cyprus

Airlines in Cyprus
Click here for all Airlines in Cyprus

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cyprus
35 00 N, 33 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
648 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
9,240 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
10 square kilometers
Birth rate
12.56 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.72 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
400 sq km 