Czech Republic

Czech Republic is a country in eastern Europe, and it used to be joined with Slovakia in a single country, Czechoslovakia. These two countries split apart in 1993, and the two formed individual governments. This country is a favorite destination for travellers, and it's known for the many spa towns along the German border. There are a variety of interesting facts about this country, and some of the known and unknown facts include the following.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Czech Republic citizens consume more beer, per capita, than any other country in the world. There are many beers that are locally produced and Pilsner Urquell is a perennial local favorite. Prague is internationally known for the many clubs and bars that offer citizens and visitors one of the most exciting night club scenes in the world.
2
The Czech Republic is the second wealthiest country in eastern Europe, behind Slovenia. The per capita GDP of this country is close to Portugal and Greek. The GDP of Prague is twice the national average. Part time workers work more hours, 24, in this country than any other, although it is rare for people to work jobs that aren't full time.
3
This country has the second highest mortality rate for cancer, after Hungary, and it has more hospital beds per citizen than any other country in the European Union.
4
There are many famous people who were born in this country. The inventor of the soft contact lens, Otto Wichterle, was born in the Czech Republic, and he invented this product in 1959. The writer, Franz Kafka, was also born in this country, though he wrote mostly in German.
5
The Czech Republic has a long history, and it's been a part of many different kingdoms and empires throughout its existence. It was originally comprised of the Bohemian Kingdom and the March of Moravia which were part of the Holy Roman Empire. From 1526 until 1918 it was a member of the Habsburg Empire. Czechoslovakia was formed after the first World War, and this country was a single governmental entity until the Czech Republic and Slovakia split in 1993.

The capital of Czech Republic is Prague. The currency of Czech Republic is the Czech Koruna(CZK) Flag of Czech Republic


Czech Republic belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Czech Republic
Holesov, Kunovice, Karlovy Vary, Ostrava - Mosnov, Praha - Ruzyn, Brno - Turany, and Letišt


Leaders of Czech Republic
The Country dialling code of Czech Republic is +420, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Czech Republic is .cz
Map of Czech Republic
Population
10,228,744
Languages spoken in Czech Republic
Czech
Animals native to Czech Republic / which animals live in Czech Republic?
Click here for all Animals in Czech Republic

Airlines in Czech Republic
Click here for all Airlines in Czech Republic

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Czech Republic
49 45 N, 15 30 E
Related micronations
Other World Kingdom
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
77,276 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,590 square kilometers
Birth rate
8.96 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.64 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
240 sq km 