
Denmark
Custom Search
Denmark is located in Northern Europe on land that is geographically a peninsula on the northern coast of continental Europe. There are many interesting facts about Denmark. The two countries known today as Sweden and Denmark were originally part of the Viking empire. The Vikings controlled land covering most of what we know today as Europe. Outside of Denmark the most famous Danish citizen is Hans Christian Anderson, author of many children's beloved fairy tales.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Denmark has constitutional monarchy type of government, the oldest outside of Asia. Denmark, along with Sweden was the home of the ferocious people known as the Vikings. Recent archaeological evidence suggests that the Danes, as Vikings, discovered North America long before Columbus.
2
One of the most famous hotels in Europe is the Hotel d'Angleterre, located on Copenhagen's main square. The hotel was originally a private manor house and was built in 1594. Nearby is, arguably, the best restaurant in Denmark, the Kommandanten.
3
Tivoli Gardens is one of the world's most famous amusement parks opened in 1843. Tivoli Gardens has a world renown Christmas decoration theme made up of over 100,000 white lights. If you ride the roller coaster and feel it seems very creaky, that is because it was first built in 1914.
4
The world's oldest amusement park, still occupying the same spot it had on opening day, is located north of Copenhagen. The Bakken opened in the year 1583. There are five very old roller coasters and a world famous Cabaret, the Hvile.
5
Greenland and the Faroe Islands are claimed by Denmark and have been Danish land since 1700. A funny fact is that Norway once owned the Faroe Islands but lost them when the King of Norway lost a wild poker game to the King of Denmark.

The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen. The currency of Denmark is the Danish Krone(DKK) Flag of Denmark


Denmark belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with D

Airports in Denmark
V, Tirstrup, Rønne, Kastrup, Karup, Ålborg, Billund Lufthavn, Esbjerg, Maribo Lufthavn, Odense - Beldringe, Soenderborg Lufthavn, Sindal Flyveplads, Skrydstrup, Skive Lufthavn, Thisted Lufthavn, Vamdrup, Stauning Lufthavn, Flughafen Kopenhagen-Kastrup, and Roskilde lufthavn


Leaders of Denmark
The Country dialling code of Denmark is +45, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Denmark is .dk

List of oil fields in Denmark (8)
Map of Denmark
Population
5,468,120
Languages spoken in Denmark
Danish, Faroese, Kalaallisut
Animals native to Denmark / which animals live in Denmark?
Click here for all Animals in Denmark

Airlines in Denmark
Click here for all Airlines in Denmark

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Denmark
56 00 N, 10 00 E
Related micronations
Elleore
Kilometers of coastline
7,314 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
42,394 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
700 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.91 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.3 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
4,490 sq km
