Dominica
Custom Search
Dominica, not to be confused with the Dominican Republic, is a beautiful Caribbean island famed for its pristine natural beauty. Protected by an extensive park system, this island is the perfect destination for anyone looking to appreciate Earth's beauty. The island is one of the safest in the Caribbean region and is perfect for older tourists or anyone else who is looking to bypass the usual Spring Break crowd.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Due to their fierce resistance against colonization, a large population of indigenous Carib Indians still lives on Dominica. Over 3,000 Caribs call the island their home, the largest pre-Colombian population in the Caribbean. Although the Caribs are well-integrated with the rest of the island, visitors can still view traditional housing and purchase hand-made crafts, including Carib baskets.
2
The Morne Trois Pitons National Park is a World Heritage Site filled with hiking, mountains, and lakes. Although the terrain is arduous and not recommended for beginners, anyone who can manage the hike will be rewarded by the breathtaking view when they reach the top of the dormant volcanoes that make up the mountain range.
3
Government policies make traveling to Dominica easy. Automatic visas are granted for any travelers from the European Union, Canada, or the United States. Tourists can enter by plane, boat, or cruise ship. English is the official language and almost all islanders speak it fluently.
4
Dominica is considered very safe by the U.S. State Department. Petty crimes occasionally happen in busy tourist areas, but serious crime is unknown on the island. Additionally, no poisonous snakes or insects live on Dominica, and the tap water is safe to drink.
5
Whales and dolphins from many species can be frequently found around Dominica's shoreline. A pod of sperm whales lives near the coast, and local guides know how to find them, ensuring that a whale-watching cruise will be fruitful. Scuba diving and fishing are also available year-round.

The capital of Dominica is Roseau. The currency of Dominica is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Dominica


Dominica belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with D

Airports in Dominica
Canefield Airport, Canefield Airport, and Melville Hall Airport


Leaders of Dominica
The Country dialling code of Dominica is +1 767, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Dominica is .dm
Map of Dominica
Population
72,386
Languages spoken in Dominica
English
Animals native to Dominica / which animals live in Dominica?
Click here for all Animals in Dominica



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Dominica
15 25 N, 61 20 W
Kilometers of coastline
148 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
754 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
15.75 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.44 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 