Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Custom Search
The Falkland Islands is an archipelago or a cluster of about 700 islands located near South America. Thee are two main islands, West Falkland and East Falkland that contain the majority of the population as well as the main stage for tourists. The Islands are widely known for the battle between Argentina and the United Kingdom and there is a great debate on which country the islands belong to. The Falkland Islands are a self governed territory yet the United Kingdom holds responsibility for their defense . The self sustaining cluster of islands is definitely a place to venture because of their unique way of life, here are some things you may not know about the islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Port Stanley is the world's most remote capitol and the population ranges from 2110 to 3000, on days where cruise ships dock, the tourists greatly out number the residents. Although with over 500,00 sheep that populate the islands the humans are outnumbered 160 to one.
2
If you are visiting the islands and want to catch a movie you will have to go to the military base, it is the only one on the islands, along with the one prison that only has 13 cells in Stanley.
3
One of the local newspapers is called the penguin news, perhaps due to the Islands containing five different species of penguins.
4
Once known as kelpers due to the abundant amount of kelp the people from the UK who claim their status now are known as belongers.
5
Squid is the main source of income for the Falkland Islands, which may have been one of the reasons for the war between Argentina and the United Kingdom. The licenses given to the fishing fleets are very expensive and an easy source of income for London.

The capital of Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) is Stanley.
Falkland Islands belongs to the South American continent


More countries starting with F

The Country dialling code of Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) is +500, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) is .fk
Map of Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Population
3,105
Languages spoken in Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Animals native to Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) / which animals live in Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)?
Click here for all Animals in Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
51 45 S, 59 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,288 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
12,173 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 