Finland
Custom Search
Finland is world famous for their saunas. In fact out of the five million residents an average of two million own at least one sauna. For the Finnish saunas are not just a hobby they are a way of life. There are quite a few quirks Finland has which you may not be so familiar with.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Fairy tale forests sprinkled with twinkling snow and frozen backdrops that will take your breath away are the backdrop for Lapland, Finland. This makes it the undeniable birthplace to old St. Nick himself. If you plan on visiting Finland this winter check out Santa's Cave or Santa Park
2
Tarja Halonen is Finland's first women president. She is however more known to Americans as the lady who looks just like Conan O'Brien. Mr. O'Brien himself has joked about the uncanny resemblance on his television show. Ms. Halonen is also on the U.N. panel for global sustainablity.
3
In the Summer months the northern most points of Finland experience what they call White Nights. The sun does not set for 60 days during this time. Many tourists hike to the scenic summit of Luesto Fell to experience this phenomena for themselves.
4
You don't have to be embarrassed if you don't speak the language most Finns speak english, they are taught in school. Unlike other countries who frown upon Americans not speaking their language the Finnish welcome a chance to chat. Finland is also home to a melting pot of diverse cultural and ethnicity.
5
Originally introduced at a Finland Music Festival The Air Guitar competition was meant only as a fun way to pass the time before the bands played. Low and behold Finland now governs the World Air Guitar Championships. Thanks to Finland the air guitar performance is considered art in motion.

The capital of Finland is Helsinki. The currency of Finland is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Finland


Finland belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with F

Airports in Finland
Lappeenrannan lentokenttä, Enontekio, Halli, Helsinki-Malmi, Ilmajoki, Ivalo, Joensuu, Jyvaskyla, Kauhava, Kemi, Kajaani, Kruunupyy, Kuusamo, Kittila, Kuopio, Mariehamn - Aland Island, Mikkeli, Oulu, Pori, Pudasjarvi, Rovaniemi, Savonlinna, Sodankyla, Tampere - Pirkkala, Turku, Utti, Vaasa, Varkaus, Helsinki-Vantaa, and Seinajoki-Ilmajok


Leaders of Finland
List of seas in Finland
Saaristomeri

The Country dialling code of Finland is +358, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Finland is .fi
Map of Finland
Population
5,238,460
Languages spoken in Finland
Finnish, Sami, Swedish
Animals native to Finland / which animals live in Finland?
Click here for all Animals in Finland

Airlines in Finland
Click here for all Airlines in Finland
Cruise operators from Finland
Kristina Cruises, Silja Line, and Finnlines



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Finland
64 00 N, 26 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,250 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
304,473 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
33,672 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.42 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.93 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
640 sq km 