American Samoa
Custom Search
When planning to visit a new place, you have to make sure you know a few things about that place you are going to. America Samoa is located near the South Pacific Ocean. There are many islands that you will come across when visiting that place. The Samoans still follow their cultures and have different occasions that they usually celebrate. There are some things that you may know about them and they are as follows;
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Samoans are known to be good at art and tattooing. You will come across a number of them tattooed all over their body. The patterns are unique and well designed. The Samoans artists are found in many parts of the world. Both men and women are tattooed. Since this is part of their culture, they are tattooed at different parts of their bodies.
2
Different people like different sports. The Samoans are mostly good at cricket and rugby. There are some other parts in Samoa where they like playing volleyball. The Samoans have played many rugby world cup championships and have won most of the games.
3
There are some cultural customs that they still follow. They usually have special occasions that they attend to. There are many gods that they believe in, and they make sure that they inform every new generation about these gods.
4
In every place, there should be a governance system. When going in Samoa, you will notice that their court is divided into two, mainly the district court and Supreme Court. All the judges found in their courts are well trained and competent in their work. Land cases are also dealt with. In case there is a customary case, there are judges who are specialized in such cases.
5
With the beautiful sights found in Samoa beaches, there are a lot of people who go there to spend their holidays. There are a lot of water activities that can be enjoyed. With big beautiful hotels constructed near the beach, you will be able to relax and have a memorable vacation. Tour guides can be provided and take you to the different islands that are found there.

The capital of American Samoa is Pago Pago. The currency of American Samoa is the US Dollar(USD) Flag of American Samoa


American Samoa belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in American Samoa
Tau Airport, Fitiuta Airport, Ofu Airport, and Pago Pago International Airport

List of seas in American Samoa
South Pacific Ocean

The Country dialling code of American Samoa is +1 684, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of American Samoa is .as
Map of American Samoa
Population
57,663
Languages spoken in American Samoa
Animals native to American Samoa / which animals live in American Samoa?
Click here for all Animals in American Samoa



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of American Samoa
14 20 S, 170 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
116 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
199 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
21.83 / 1000 population
Death rate
3.24 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 