Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda is possibly the most prosperous nation in the Carribeans. Comprised of two islands, the nation sits between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean and is a popular vacation destination for people around the world. Think you know this beautiful paradise of the West Indies' Well, here are five things you might not know about Antigua and Barbuda.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Antigua has a beach for every day of the year. It is known as the Land of 365 Beaches. Those along the northwest edge of the island are popular resort beaches, while those along the south and southwest coasts are more natural and undeveloped. The east coast beaches cater more to a family oriented vacation. The quiet island of Barbuda is known for its beaches of pink sand.
2
Pineapples aren't always yellow, at least in Antigua and Barbuda. In fact, the black pineapple adorns the nation's coat of arms. The fruit was brought to the nation nearly two thousand years ago from South America by the Arawak Indians. Christian Valley in Antigua boasts numerous fruits of all kinds, including twenty-five varieties of mango.
3
Antigua and Barbuda might be older than you think. Ancient peoples sometimes known as Siboney first settled the land from around 3100 BCE. After the Siboney, Arawak Indians brought agriculture to the islands. The Arawaks left the islands around 1100 CE, and the Carib people took possession. In 1493, Christopher Columbus sailed by Antigua, then known to the Caribs as Wa'omon, and named it Santa Maria la Antigua. The English settled Antigua in 1632 and Barbuda in 1684 where they kept rule until independance was gained in 1981.
4
This now peaceful land holds 40 historic military sites. These forts, largely in ruins, were built to protect Antigua and Barbuda from French invasion and safeguard the nation's prosperous sugar industry. Fort Berkely at English Harbor, Antigua, sits next to another popular tourist site, Nelson's Dockyard, and was built to protect it.
5
Antigua and Barbuda has a variety of wildlife, including wild donkeys. These donkeys are the remnants of the nation's prosperous sugar trade, and roam freely throughout both islands. Mongoose, turtles and deer are seen as well as a multitude of colorful and fascinating birds. The Frigate Bird Sanctuary of Barbuda is home to over 170 species of birds and is a popular place for bird watchers.

The capital of Antigua and Barbuda is St. John's. The currency of Antigua and Barbuda is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Antigua and Barbuda


Antigua and Barbuda belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Antigua and Barbuda
V. C. Bird International Airport


Leaders of Antigua and Barbuda
The Country dialling code of Antigua and Barbuda is +1 268, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Antigua and Barbuda is .ag
Map of Antigua and Barbuda
Population
69,481
Languages spoken in Antigua and Barbuda
English
Animals native to Antigua and Barbuda / which animals live in Antigua and Barbuda?
Click here for all Animals in Antigua and Barbuda

Airlines in Antigua and Barbuda
Click here for all Airlines in Antigua and Barbuda

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Antigua and Barbuda
17 03 N, 61 48 W
Kilometers of coastline
153 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
442.6 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.62 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.31 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 