Armenia
Custom Search
For the frequent traveler, having basic knowledge on your travel destination is more than essential. Knowing the country's people, landmarks, tourist attraction sites, cuisine and mode of transportation is crucial for you to fully enjoy your vacation as well as to be safe while doing so. If you're planning to go to the Republic of Armenia, here are 5 facts worth knowing before you venture of to the country.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Republic of Armenia is one of the landlocked areas around the world, meaning that it is completely enclosed by land. The country is filled with mountain ranges and lush small forests and is positioned in the Caucasus region of Eurasia, wherein Western Asia is at crossroads with Eastern Europe. Armenia is separated into ten provinces, with the city of Yerevan as its capital.
2
The Republic of Armenia is an active member of over 40 international organizations. Some of which include the United Nations, the Asian Development Bank, World Trade Organization and the World Customs Organization. Armenia is a rising democratic country, and is currently under a diplomatic process with the European Union, in which it may later become an associate member in the future. The country's government takes into account European integration as a crucial priority in its international policy as it is recognized as a European country by the European Union.
3
Armenia is an environmental friendly country and has founded a Ministry of Nature Protection and has allotted taxes for water and air pollution and solid garbage disposal, whose profits are utilized for environmental protection projects. The country's climate is distinctly continental. During summer, surroundings are dry and sunny, which lasts from June to September. The temperature during this point in time range between 22 to 36'C. At night, wind blows down the mountains and provide a refreshing and cooling feeling. Springs are considerably short while falls are somewhat long. The Autumn season is widely known for their vigorous and colorful umbrage.
4
There are various cuisines and dishes in Armenia that have been created using a combination of diverse cultures. One famous dish in Armenia is Khorovats, which is basically barbecue. The dish can be pork, lamb, beef or chicken, depending on the personal taste or preference of the customer. The dish is added flavor with onions and various spices unique to the country. Tomatoes, bell peppers and eggplants are also an integral part of the Khorovats. You can shop for food and cook your own dishes at Vernissage, the official marketplace for locals and travelers alike.
5
The Republic of Armenia is the first country to adopt the religion of Christianity as their main or state religion. This historical event took place way back in 301 AD. Tourists will find thousands of religious buildings, including churches and monasteries in the country.

The capital of Armenia is Yerevan. The currency of Armenia is the Armenian Dram(AMD) Flag of Armenia


Armenia belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Armenia
Zvartnots, and Shirak


Leaders of Armenia
The Country dialling code of Armenia is +374, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Armenia is .am
Map of Armenia
Population
2,971,650
Languages spoken in Armenia
Armenian
Animals native to Armenia / which animals live in Armenia?
Click here for all Animals in Armenia

Airlines in Armenia
Click here for all Airlines in Armenia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Armenia
40 00 N, 45 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
28,400 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,400 square kilometers
Birth rate
12.34 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.29 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
2,860 sq km 