Australia

Most people know that Australia is the largest continent. Many of these same people could also identify the kangaroo and koala bear as key animals of the Australian environment. The love of surfing, rugby and are also trademarks of the 'Land Down Under'. However, there are many unknown facts about this continent that are both interesting and shocking.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Twenty four percent of all Australian citizens were born in another country. This total is higher than many countries that are more famous immigrant destinations like the United States and Canada. Big boosts in immigration came after World War One and then again after the Second World War.
2
In Southern Australia, the Nullarbor Plain is interesting for two reasons. First, it is the largest piece of limestone in the world at 77,000 square miles or 200,000 square kilometers. Second, this vast, barren environment is home to the longest stretch of single railway in the world measuring at 478 kilometers or just over 297 miles.
3
Australian exports also provide interesting facts. One of the major items of export is wool. This industry is fueled by the 150 million sheep that inhabitant a continent that has only 22 million humans.
4
As home to the world's largest reptile, the saltwater crocodile, the infamous poisonous stonefish and a predatory array of sharks, Australian waters can be very dangerous. However, there is one killer in the water that kills more humans than all of these threats combined and is barely even visible. The small and translucent box jellyfish has a toxic cocktail that it often can deliver before a swimmer even realizes that the creature was near.
5
The Great Barrier Reef is one of the world's largest organic structures at over 133,000 square miles or 344, 000 square kilometers. It is home to many endangered and non-endangered species of fish, birds and other sea creatures. As a huge tourist draw for the Australian economy, the Great Barrier Reef is a living, active underwater zoo.

The capital of Australia is Canberra. The currency of Australia is the Australian Dollar(AUD) Flag of Australia


Australia belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Australia
Albany Aerodrome, Perth Airport, Darwin International Airport, Cairns International Airport, Sydney International Airport, Illawarra Regional Airport, Melbourne Airport, Ayers Rock, Archerfield Aerodrome, Amberley Aerodrome, Alice Springs Aerodrome, Brisbane Airport, Coolangatta Airport Aws, Charleville Airport, Mount Isa Amo, Mackay Mo, Oakey Aerodrome, Proserpine Airport, Rockhampton Airport, Broome Airport, Townsville Amo, Weipa City, Avalon, Avalon Airport, Albury Airport, Essendon Airport, East Sale Aerodrome, Hobart Airport, Launceston Airport, Moorabbin Airport Aws, Mildura Airport, Adelaide Airport, Bullsbrook Pearce Amo, Edinburgh M. O., Kalgoorlie Boulder Amo, Kununurra Kununurra Aws, Leigh Creek Airport, Port Hedland Pardoo, Tindal - Katherine, Woomera Aerodrome, Bankstown Airport Aws, Canberra International Airport, Coffs Harbour Mo, Camden Airport, Dubbo, Norfolk Island Airport, Nowra Ran Air Station, Richmond Aus-Afb, Tamworth Airport, Wagga Airport, Learmonth Airport, Parafield Airport, Dunk Island, Lizard Island, Hervey Bay, Kings Canyon, Kingscote, Roma, Wee Waa, and RAAF Williams Point Cook Base


Leaders of Australia
List of seas in Australia
Tasman Sea

The Country dialling code of Australia is +61, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Australia is .au
Map of Australia
Population
20,434,176
Languages spoken in Australia
English
Car brands from Australia
Bolwell, Elfin, FPV, Holden, HSV, Leyland, Toyota, and Zeta

Animals native to Australia / which animals live in Australia?
Click here for all Animals in Australia

Airlines in Australia
Click here for all Airlines in Australia
Phone manufacturers in Australia
Kogan Technologies



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Australia
27 00 S, 133 00 E
Related micronations
 Coral Sea Islands
 Dubeldeka
 Hutt River
 Rainbow Creek
Kilometers of coastline
25,760 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
7,617,930 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
68,920 square kilometers
Birth rate
12.02 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.56 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
25,450 sq km
