Azerbaijan
Custom Search
Azerbaijan which is officially named Republic of Azerbaijan is a country in Eurasia. It is the largest country in the Caucasus region and it is located Eastern Europe and Western Asia. The neighboring countries to it are Russia which is in the north, Georgia which is in the northwest, Armenia in the west and Iran to the south. To its eastern side lies the Caspian Sea. Since there is no official religion, it is the most liberal among Muslim nations but most of the people follow the Shia branch of Islam.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Azykh cave is one of most prominent features for tourism in Azerbaijan. This cave measures a total of eight thousand square meters and it is actually said to be one of the earliest to be inhabited by man many thousands of years ago. There are also other many caves in the country that can take your breath away if you are a cave enthusiast.
2
The common languages spoken in Azerbaijan are Russian due to the close proximity of Russia and Armenian because of the close location of Armenia as well. However, the official language is known as Azerbaijani which is spoken by a majority of people in the region.
3
The Azerbaijan constitution does not declare any official religion in the country but most of the people are affiliated to the Muslim or Shia which are related religions of Islam. The second common religion is Russian Orthodox followed by the Armenian Orthodox. These two countries; Russia and Armenia have contributed a lot to the formation of the country in many ways religion being one of them.
4
The Astegah Fire Temple is the only in the world that was built over a natural gas source in the 6th century but still exists. This is one of the monumental features of the tourism of Azerbaijan. There is a museum build near the temple which shows how the people who worshiped fire lived. The fact that the temple was built in the 6th century poses a great historical feature for historians and like minded people.
5
For people who love natural beauty, the Tears of Kyapaz are a formation of seven distinct lakes that resemble seven tear drops across a vast area of the land. From an aerial view you can see the glamorous site near the Mount Kyapaz.

The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. The currency of Azerbaijan is the Azerbaijanian Manat(AZN) Flag of Azerbaijan


Azerbaijan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with A

Airports in Azerbaijan
Kazi-Magomed, Sangachaly, Kyurdamir, Baku - Bine Airport, and Gyanca Airport


Leaders of Azerbaijan
The Country dialling code of Azerbaijan is +994, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Azerbaijan is .az

List of oil fields in Azerbaijan (3)
Map of Azerbaijan
Population
8,120,247
Languages spoken in Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani
Animals native to Azerbaijan / which animals live in Azerbaijan?
Click here for all Animals in Azerbaijan

Airlines in Azerbaijan
Click here for all Airlines in Azerbaijan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Azerbaijan
40 30 N, 47 30 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
86,100 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
500 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.47 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.35 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
14,550 sq km 