Bahrain
Custom Search
Here are five things that you might want to know about Bahrain:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
To travel to Bahrain, all require visa except those passport holders of the Arabian Gulf Cooperation Council States. These states are Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE. UK citizens can get a visa for maximum of a 4 week stay. They must also hold a passport with at least 6 months validity. Transit visas are offered for 72 hours. Entry visas are obtained through hotels, travel and tourism agencies and certain firms licensed to obtain visas in Bahrain.
2
Bahrain is not a cheap place to live and travel in. Comfortable travel, along with car rentals and buying of artefacts can cost you around US dollars 300 or more per day. Taking public transport can bring down these costs drastically. It is wise to shop around for currency exchange in Manama. There are some ATMs which are linked to international networks. The service charge that is added to every bill in Bahrain never goes to the staff but to the proprietor. Tips are not really expected in less expensive restaurants. In a decent place, 10% would be an acceptable tip.
3
The Muharraq Island is a place off the beaten track which is pretty much left intact and to many visitors this city has an interesting undertone missing in the capital. There are some very well maintained traditional ancient houses like the Bayt Shaikh Isa and the Bayt Seyadi. These show off beautiful plaster work and wooden carved doors with a winding tower. The watch tower at the Abu Mahir Fort offers an excellent view of the Manama city. The village of A'ali is home to the country's well known pottery workshop where one can buy pieces of great craftsmanship.
4
Clubs and discos thrive in the cities. The beaches are of not much use for swimming as the water is too shallow. Consumption of alcohol is allowed. Pure-bred Arabian horses are a must see here. The famous Amiri Stud owns and manages the most famous of these horses. You can also rent a horse from one of the many stables to go trekking in the desert.
5
The city of Manama, though it looks flashy and modern, is largely traditional. Islamic conservatism is very noticeable here and women visitors are expected to wear one piece bathing suits. English is widely spoken though Arabic is the official language here.

The capital of Bahrain is Manama. The currency of Bahrain is the Bahraini Dinar(BHD) Flag of Bahrain


Bahrain belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in Bahrain
Matar al Ba?rayn ad Dawli


Leaders of Bahrain
The Country dialling code of Bahrain is +973, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Bahrain is .bh

List of oil fields in Bahrain (1)
Map of Bahrain
Population
708,573
Languages spoken in Bahrain
Arabic
Animals native to Bahrain / which animals live in Bahrain?
Click here for all Animals in Bahrain

Airlines in Bahrain
Click here for all Airlines in Bahrain

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Bahrain
26 00 N, 50 33 E
Kilometers of coastline
161 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
665 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.53 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.21 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
40 sq km 