Belize
Custom Search
Sharing a border to the south of Mexico and one to the east of Guatemala is the small but beautiful nation of Belize. Though less than 9,000 square miles in size Belize is a surprisingly diverse and colorful country. Here are five interesting facts you may or may not know about the nation of Belize:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Perhaps Belize is best known for the Belize Barrier Reef, located off of the country's coast. The Reef is massive, second in size only to Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Because of the Reef's great size, there are over 200 islands of varied sizes just off the Belize coast, many of which are not populated.
2
Belize is home to over 900 known Mayan historical and archaeological sites. The Mayan civilization was one of the largest and most powerful Native American groups to occupy South America. Their unique and striking art and architecture have drawn awe from many.
3
Largely because of protective acts, a great deal of the natural forests in Belize have remained untouched and today retain their unique diversity. In Belize forests range from the thick, tropical variety to, in fact, the only pine tree forest in South America. Because these areas have remained undisturbed a great deal of natural wildlife continues to inhabit the country.
4
Standing apart from the rest of the Central and South American countries, the national language of Belize is English. This has lead to Belize becoming a popular destination for English-speaking tourists and expatriates. But English is not the only language in use in Belize ' it is not uncommon to hear Creole and Spanish as well, among others.
5
Belize is home to the first endangered jaguar preserve in the world, the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary. Established in the 1980s, the sanctuary covers an area of almost 150 square miles in the southern region. There are even parks within the preserve which people are welcome to visit and observe the wide variety of flora and fauna including nearly 300 different species of birds.

The capital of Belize is Belmopan. The currency of Belize is the Belize Dollar(BZD) Flag of Belize


Belize belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in Belize
Belize International Airport


Leaders of Belize
The Country dialling code of Belize is +501, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Belize is .bz
Map of Belize
Population
294,385
Languages spoken in Belize
English
Animals native to Belize / which animals live in Belize?
Click here for all Animals in Belize

Airlines in Belize
Click here for all Airlines in Belize

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Belize
17 15 N, 88 45 W
Kilometers of coastline
386 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
22,806 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
160 square kilometers
Birth rate
28.34 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.76 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
30 sq km 