Bermuda
Custom Search
The Bermudas or Somers Isles, which most people know as Bermuda, is an enchanting land with mystery and intrigue. The water that surrounds it is the North Atlantic Ocean and it is considered part of the British seas. The climate here is spectacular as it is considered to be a humid subtropical climate with warm Gulf Stream air that blows through here. Many visit here for exhilarating vacations and peaceful getaways. Here are five things you may or may not know about Bermuda:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Bermuda is divided into nine parishes, they are: Devonshire, Hamilton, Paget, Pembroke, St George's, Sandy's, Smith's, Southampton and Warwick. These parishes are known to some as counties in other areas. Each of these parishes also has individual towns or neighborhoods within them.
2
Most people come to Bermuda for the beach, which is no secret; however few know that the sand is actually a pink color. The vibrant blue waters and coral colored sand actually are the biggest attraction on the island. Many people enjoy scuba and snorkeling. There are also many ship wrecked sights that tourists who are into scuba love to explore. If one is into water sports, Bermuda is the place to visit.
3
The locals in Bermuda actually celebrate many holidays like the American's. In fact they celebrate Easter, Christmas and even Labor Day. However, the customs observed are slightly different. For instance, the locals celebrate Easter, but they do it by flying handmade kites to celebrate the day.
4
Though there are 150 islands that make up Bermuda, only 20 of them have people living on them. This is partly because the Bermudians believe that the islands are haunted. On the main island of Bermuda, over 20 documented cases of people vanishing from the beaches without a trace left of them. An old legend says that there is a ghost knapper that haunts the beaches, while it may seem like silly superstitions, the Bermudians wholeheartedly believe in it.
5
In a land that is surrounded by water, it seems odd that there are no rivers, streams or fresh waters supplies available. Because of the scarce nature of the water, Bermudians must rely on rain water to replenish their water systems. Due to the fact that they depend on rain water, at times they may be in a water crisis. Rain water harvesting is a smart resource but can be unnerving when supplies get low.

The capital of Bermuda is Hamilton. The currency of Bermuda is the Bermudian Dollar (customarily known as Bermuda Dollar)(BMD) Flag of Bermuda


Bermuda belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with B

Airports in Bermuda
Kindley Field


Leaders of Bermuda
The Country dialling code of Bermuda is +1 441, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Bermuda is .bm
Map of Bermuda
Population
66,163
Languages spoken in Bermuda
Animals native to Bermuda / which animals live in Bermuda?
Click here for all Animals in Bermuda



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Bermuda
32 20 N, 64 45 W
Kilometers of coastline
103 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
53.3 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
11.26 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.84 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 