Cape Verde
Custom Search
The republic of Cape Verde is an island country located in central Atlantic. This country is spanning an archipelago of a total of 10 islands and it is located 570 kilometers off the West African Coast. All the islands of the country are of volcanic origin and have a combined are of 1500 square meters. Three of the islands are fairly flat; these are Sal, Boa and Maio. They are also sandy and dry while the remaining seven are rocky and have more vegetation than others.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The islands were previously inhabited after being colonized the Portuguese in the 15th century. They were used for slave trade in the Atlantic because of the geographical location advantage. Some of the famous people who visited the islands were Sir Francis Drake who was a corsair under the British crown and Charles Darwin who was on an expedition in 1832.
2
Due to the isolation of Cape Verde, there are a number of endemic species of birds and reptiles all which are endangered by the encroachment of humans and human development. Some of the endemic species of birds include Alexander's Swift birds, the Bourne's Heron, Rosa Lark, the Cape Verde Warbler and the Iago Sparrow. These islands are also breeding areas for sea birds.
3
The common and most successful tourist attraction in Cape Verde is bird watching. This is due to the various numbers of species of birds that reside in the islands. There are at least 4 unique species of birds in Cape Verde. The islands also have great views and beaches for tourists who want to enjoy the waters of the Atlantic.
4
Cape Verde is common with turtle watching because of the many sand dunes that are formed besides the beaches that form great places for the turtle eggs and nesting. It is also interesting to know that every year from May to September, 3000 loggerhead turtles come from ashore on Cape Verde's beaches.
5
Anyone who wants to have a legal marriage in Cape Verde it is possible. However, it is required that the tourists be there for over 30 days before getting married.

The capital of Cape Verde is Praia. The currency of Cape Verde is the Cape Verde Escudo(CVE)
Cape Verde is an African country


More countries starting with C

Airports in Cape Verde
Sal, Vila do Maio, Francisco Mendes, San Pedro, and Rabil International Airport


Leaders of Cape Verde
The Country dialling code of Cape Verde is +238, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cape Verde is .cv
Map of Cape Verde
Population
423,613
Languages spoken in Cape Verde
Crioulo, Portuguese
Animals native to Cape Verde / which animals live in Cape Verde?
Click here for all Animals in Cape Verde

Airlines in Cape Verde
Click here for all Airlines in Cape Verde

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cape Verde
16 00 N, 24 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
965 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
4,033 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
24.4 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.5 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
30 sq km 