Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Custom Search
Traveling to a foreign country, whether during the holidays or for a business trip, requires thorough research to avoid any hassles like getting lost on the country or city. If you're taking a trip to Cocos (Keeling) Islands in Australia, then researching the island's history, geography, economy and community may be able to help you enjoy your trip more efficiently. Cocos Island is a wonderful tropical island in Australia that you can enjoy scenic views and the beauty of nature and wildlife. Here are 5 things you should know about Cocos Islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Cocos (Keeling) Island comprises of two leveled, low-lying coral reefs with a range of 14,2 square kilometers while the island's coastline has a wide area of 26 kilometers. The island is dense with thickly covered forests and coconut palms as well as other vegetation.
2
The two main divisions on Cocos Island is named North Keeling and South Keeling islands. North Keeling is a reef composed of just a single C-shaped island, a nearly enveloped reef ring with a small entrance into the lagoon. North Keeling is indigenous to the only surviving community of the local and defenseless, Cocos Buff-banded Rail. Meanwhile, South Keeling islands is a reef comprised of 24 separate islets that form an incomplete reef circle. Islets include Pulau Luar, Pulau Tikus and Pulau Pasir.
3
The demographics in Cocos Island is somewhat small. In a 2010 census, the populations within the islands were measured to only above 600 inhabitants. The population on the two settled islands are predominantly divided among the local Europeans on West island and the local Malays on Home island.
4
In terms of their economic stature, Cocos Island has a small yet continually growing industry in tourism that is concentrated on water-based and nature-based activities. Tourists can find a diverse population of small domestic gardens and fishing pens that contribute to the local's food supply. However, most food supplies and other necessities are imported from Australia.
5
Communication in Cocos Island is connected throughout Australia's telecommunication networks and postal systems. Public telephone booths are situated on both Home Island and West island. These phones are registered by means of the Telecentre in order to access the service.

The capital of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is West Island.
Cocos Islands belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with C

The Country dialling code of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is +61, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is .cc
Map of Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Population
596
Languages spoken in Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Animals native to Cocos (Keeling) Islands / which animals live in Cocos (Keeling) Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Cocos (Keeling) Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cocos (Keeling) Islands
12 30 S, 96 50 E
Kilometers of coastline
26 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
14 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 