Congo, Republic of the
Custom Search
Located in western Africa, Republic of the Congo is country equal in size to Germany. Bordered by Angola, Cameroon, Central Africa, Gabon and The Democratic Republic of the Congo, this area declared independent in 1960, was originally populated by pygmies. Two areas most visited by tourists are Brazzaville and Pointe Noire. Five things you might not know about The Republic of the Congo are:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Brazzaville is the site of a summer home constructed around 1940 for Charles De Gaulle of France. Other sites to visit are Basilique St. Anne, the house of worship for the republic's 50 percent Christian population. The two percent Muslim population gathers at Temple Mosque. Serving as the capital of the Republic of the Congo, Brazzaville is home to Musee National du Congo, a museum containing exhibits of artifacts and craft-art of its indigenous peoples.
2
Life in Pointe Noire is quite different from Brazzaville since this area is known for beaches such as Cote Sauvage, bars, eateries and a nightlife atmosphere. Aside from tourism, the main economic contributors for the wealthy lifestyle lie in its exportation of fine wood and petroleum products. Two important landmarks in Pointe Noire are Diosso Gorge which are beautiful cliffs believed to have been formed by wind and water activity along the seashore over a long period of time, and the other landmark being Mt. Borangu, the Republic's highest elevation reaching some 2,963 feet along its border with Garbon.
3
Kokolopari Bonobo Reserve situated in the second biggest rainforest in the world is home to about 1000 bonobo which are a furry type of ape. Research has shown these creatures possess the closest genetic chromosomal makeup to that of human beings. The reserve is also home to rare Salongo Monkeys known to exist nowhere else in the world.
4
Malebo Pool separates Republic of the Congo from The Democratic Republic of the Congo. This 22-mile-long waterway was first visited by Henry Stanley in 1876 while searching for the missing Dr. Livingstone.
5
For the second time in history, national elections took place in Republic of Congo during 2011.

The capital of Congo, Republic of the is Brazzaville.

More countries starting with C

Airports in Congo, Republic of the
Brazzaville - Maya-Maya, Djambala, Mouyondzi, Sibiti, Gamboma, Impfondo, Makoua, Souanke, Ouesso, Makabana, Loubomo, and Pointe-Noire


Leaders of Congo, Republic of the
The Country dialling code of Congo, Republic of the is +242, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Congo, Republic of the is .cg
Map of Congo, Republic of the
Population
3,800,610
Languages spoken in Congo, Republic of the
French, Lingala, Munukutuba
Animals native to Congo, Republic of the / which animals live in Congo, Republic of the?
Click here for all Animals in Congo, Republic of the

Airlines in Congo, Republic of the
Click here for all Airlines in Congo, Republic of the

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Congo, Republic of the
1 00 S, 15 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
169 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
341,500 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
500 square kilometers
Birth rate
42.16 / 1000 population
Death rate
12.59 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
20 sq km 