Cook Islands
Custom Search
The Cook Islands is a popular tourist destination visited by roughly 100,000 travelers each year, which is about five times the population of the islands. The Cook Islands is known for its beautiful mountainous landscape and breathtaking blue water. However, you might not know these five lesser known things that the Cook Islands is known for.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Fifteen islands and atolls make up the Cook Islands, but slightly over 70 percent of the population live on Rarotonga Island. Rarotonga Island is home to the Cook Islands capital, Avarua, and to many hotels and resorts due to its popularity among tourists. About 20 percent of the population live in the other southern group of islands, while only seven percent live on the northern group of islands.
2
The Cook Islands natives speak English, Maori and Pakapukan. Pakapukan may be the oldest language spoken by Cook Islands natives, but you will find that everyone also speaks English.
3
The Cook Islands government charges a departure tax when you leave the country. This departure tax for adults is currently 30 New Zealand dollars, which you'll need to pay to Westpac at the airport. You pay this at Westpac at the airport.
4
You will need to visit the Aravua police station to purchase a driver's license if you plan to drive in the Cook Islands. If you want to drive a car, you will just need to show your current driver's license. If you want to drive a motor scooter, you will need to pass a short driving test, which consists of driving around the roundabout in Rarotonga.
5
Tipping is not common in the Cook Islands. All of the prices for items and services include tax, and that is all that you are expected to pay. In fact, it might be considered rude to tip because tipping goes against the local Cook Islands custom.

The capital of Cook Islands is Avarua. The currency of Cook Islands is the New Zealand Dollar(NZD) Flag of Cook Islands


Cook Islands belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Cook Islands
Rarotongan International Airport, and Alofi - Niue


Leaders of Cook Islands
The Country dialling code of Cook Islands is +682, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cook Islands is .ck
Map of Cook Islands
Population
21,750
Languages spoken in Cook Islands
Animals native to Cook Islands / which animals live in Cook Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Cook Islands

Airlines in Cook Islands
Click here for all Airlines in Cook Islands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cook Islands
21 14 S, 159 46 W
Kilometers of coastline
120 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
236.7 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
21 / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 