Coral Sea Islands
Custom Search
Coral Sea Island is found in Australia and it spreads on an area of about one million kilometers square. The island is described by small islands that are scattered and reefs. The islands were declared to be the territory of Australia in 1969. A greater part of the Island is not inhabited apart from the Willis Island where the weather stations staffs are found. Reefs and Islands are occupied by weather stations, a light house and beacons that are automated.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Coral Islands is not inhabited apart from the Willis Island that has been occupied by the metrological staff who are about 4 in number. The island has no indigenous inhabitants. This means that the area has very little life. The island is occupied by grass and shrubs but there are no crops that grow there permanently.
2
The coral Island is a territory of the Australian government. The Island is often visited by the Australian Royal Navy. This means that all the activities including the visitors are controlled by Canberra under the department of Environment, Sport and Territories of the Australian government.
3
The Coral Sea Island has no economic activities. There is no infrastructure or transport in place. The only means of transport is boats and they are anchored offshore. This also contributes greatly to the fact that there are no economic activities. There is a means of communication due to the fact that there are automatic weather stations that that transmit information into the mainland.
4
Did you know that the Coral Sea Island is a great tourist site' The reefs and corals offer a great area for turtles and birds to bread and nestle. The Coral Sea Island offers great tourist scenery attraction sites to behold. The island experiences tropical cyclones occasionally and it has no fresh water sources that are permanent.
5
There are a few sporting activities that take place in the island and these include fishing and sea diving. One can get involved in these activities while they visit the island especially if these are among their hobbies apart from bird watching.


More countries starting with C

The Country dialling code of Coral Sea Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Coral Sea Islands is
Map of Coral Sea Islands
Population
0
Languages spoken in Coral Sea Islands
Animals native to Coral Sea Islands / which animals live in Coral Sea Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Coral Sea Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Coral Sea Islands
18 00 S, 152 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
3,095 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
3 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 