Cuba
Custom Search
Cuba, one of the countries located off the southern coast of the United States, is a tropical island whcih is a beautiful country, even though Cuba has been the source of political and military debates for many decades. The country itself was once a popular destination spot for tourists, as the historic cities, picturesque countryside and glistening beaches offered a travel spot suitable for a wide range of visitors.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Cuba is officially called the Republic of Cuba, and the island nation sits in the warm water of the Caribbean. Due to the political upheaval and travel ban imposed against Americans for travel to Cuba for leisure purposes, many have forgotten over time that the island nation is as inviting for travel as other countries in the Caribbean.
2
Havana is the largest city in Cuba, and the historical significance of the city is strong enough that throughout the United States plenty of states have their own areas within larger cities, typically those areas with a large concentration of Cuban immigrants, which are referred to as Little Havana. Havana, while known for Cuba's infamous cigars, is not the capital of the country. Santiago de Cuba is the capital and is also the second largest city in the country.
3
Cuban cigars have long been coveted by cigar aficionados for decades, with the popularity of the hard to secure cigars increasing in popularity as an export ban imposed by other counties and levied on Cuba made finding good and traditional Cuban cigars almost impossible. The legend and lore behind Cuban cigars is that the temperate climate, rolling tradition and the hand rolling skills which have been passed down through generations produces a cigar like no other in the world. In fact, those visiting Cuba often find themselves puffing on a Cuban just to experience the thrill of finally being able to do so.
4
Cuban food is a coveted fare, found throughout the world as many people from Cuba have opened restaurants to share some of the culinary delights found throughout Cuba. The food in Cuba is a mix, taking cues from both Caribbean and Spanish cuisine, and thus Cuban food is spicy, hearty, intriguing and satisfying to a variety of tastes. Some of the most common Cuban dishes include shredded beef in a rich tomato sauce called ropa vieja and a litany of pork, fish and bean based dishes. Cuban cuisine also uses plantains as the tropical fruit is found in Cuba.
5
Cuba has a long and winding shoreline, which explains why the beachfront destinations were once the hot travel spots for the global elite. The warm Caribbean waters and white sandy beaches made Cuba a coveted travel spot for many years. Though political upheaval and travel warnings ceased the ability for vacationing to Cuba, the newly lifted sanctions have opened the doors up once again for many to experience all the joys the country has to offer.

The capital of Cuba is Havana. The currency of Cuba is the Cuban Peso(CUP) and the Peso Convertible(CUC). Flag of Cuba


Cuba belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with C

Airports in Cuba
Baracoa, Oriente, Bayamo, Máximo Gómez, Cayo Coco - Jardines Del Ray, Cienfuegos, Las Villas, Cayo Largo Del Sur, Camaguey Aeropuerto, Santiago De Cuba, Oriente, Guantanamo, Leeward Point Field, Guantanamo, Oriente, Aeropuerto Jose Marti, Rancho-Boyeros, Habana, Holguin Civ - Mil, Moa Military, Manzanillo, Oriente, Nueva Gerona, Isla De Pinos, Pinar Del Rio, Pinar Del Rio, Siguanea, Varadero, Matanzas, Las Tunas, Las Tunas, Cayo Coco, Alberto Delgado, and Flughafen Havanna


Leaders of Cuba
The Country dialling code of Cuba is +53, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Cuba is .cu
Map of Cuba
Population
11,394,043
Languages spoken in Cuba
Spanish
Animals native to Cuba / which animals live in Cuba?
Click here for all Animals in Cuba

Airlines in Cuba
Click here for all Airlines in Cuba

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Cuba
21 30 N, 80 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
3,735 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
110,860 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
11.44 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.14 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
8,700 sq km 