Djibouti
Custom Search
Djibouti may be tiny, but it packs a lot of adventure within its boundaries for savvy travelers who know where to look. The nightlife in Djibouti City is surprisingly active, with great Ethiopian-style restaurants and lively dance clubs. The day-tripper has exciting options as well. Take a hike through the lush and forested Goda Mountains. Snorkel, surf and sun on the Gulf of Tadjoura. Explore the hot springs and amazing geological formations of Lac Abb'. Did you know the producers of the original Planet of the Apes filmed the movie around Lac Abb' to take advantage of its strange, otherworldly ambiance' Here are some other things you may not know about the dynamic African nation Djibouti.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Djibouti is situated at the exact point where the Red Sea flows into the Indian Ocean. The reefs here are made up of over 200 coral species. Because of the temperature differential between these two bodies of water, plankton growth is so rich that many classes of marine mammals find Djibouti's coast an ideal place to winter. Among species found in abundance here are beaked and pilot whales, dolphins and whale sharks. Whale sharks are the world's largest fish.
2
At 500 feet below sea level, Lake Assal is the lowest point on the African continent, and after Death Valley and the Sea of Galilee, the third lowest point on the Earth's surface. Lake Assal itself is the world's largest salt reserve.
3
Lac Abb' owes its unique geology to the fact that it occupies the spot where three tectonic plates collide. The famous rock chimneys that give Lac Abb' its moonscape ambiance are the result of interactions between bubbling, subterranean hot springs and fault lines. The lake derives its name from the hot springs' distinctive sulfur smell. 'Abb' means 'rotten' in the local tongue.
4
Djibouti was one of the first places on the African continent to embrace Islam. Arab traders introduced the religion there in the 9th century, while Mohammad himself was still living.
5
Djibouti is a staunch American ally, and the site of the only American military base in all of sub-Saharan Africa.

The capital of Djibouti is Djibouti. The currency of Djibouti is the Djibouti Franc(DJF) Flag of Djibouti


Djibouti is an African country


More countries starting with D

Airports in Djibouti
Djibouti Ambouli


Leaders of Djibouti
The Country dialling code of Djibouti is +253, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Djibouti is .dj
Map of Djibouti
Population
496,374
Languages spoken in Djibouti
Arabic, French
Animals native to Djibouti / which animals live in Djibouti?
Click here for all Animals in Djibouti

Airlines in Djibouti
Click here for all Airlines in Djibouti

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Djibouti
11 30 N, 43 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
314 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
22,980 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
20 square kilometers
Birth rate
39.07 / 1000 population
Death rate
19.23 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
10 sq km 