Faroe Islands
Custom Search
The Faroe Islands are located in the North Atlantic, just northwest of Scotland, between Iceland and Norway. This relatively small set of islands has been its own self-governing part of Denmark since 1948, but it is not a member of the large European Union. The Faroe Islands consist of 18 relatively small islands, which span a width of approximately 47 miles and a total length of approximately 70 miles. Because it sits on the Gulf Stream, this set of islands has a number of unique weather and commerce characteristics that set it apart from other small island communities.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
More than 95% of the total number of exports from the Faroe Islands are products of the bustling fishing industry. Second largest export is tourism and the third largest export from these islands is wool.
2
The total population of the chain of Faroe Islands is approximately 48,000. There are more sheep and cattle than there are people. The 48,000 residents represent 77 different nationalities.
3
There's a surprising lack of trees on the Faroe Islands. This is a result of the large number of cattle and sheep who feed on the landscape. Trees that do exist on the islands are often imported from Alaska or Tierra del Fuego. The harsh weather of the islands combined with limited sunlight also contribute to the lack of trees.
4
It rains nearly 300 out of 365 days every year on the Faroe Islands. This is what produces the rich greenery that covers the islands and it also supports the large number of fish that are the largest export from the islands.
5
The Faroe Islands are a part of the Nation of Denmark but their language is closer to that of Iceland. Younger people living on the islands are often fluent in English.

The capital of Faroe Islands is Tórshavn. The currency of Faroe Islands is the Danish Krone(DKK)
Faroe Islands belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with F

Airports in Faroe Islands
Vágar Airport

The Country dialling code of Faroe Islands is +298, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Faroe Islands is .fo
Map of Faroe Islands
Population
47,511
Languages spoken in Faroe Islands
Animals native to Faroe Islands / which animals live in Faroe Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Faroe Islands

Airlines in Faroe Islands
Click here for all Airlines in Faroe Islands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Faroe Islands
62 00 N, 7 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,117 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,399 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
14.12 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.69 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 