French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Custom Search
Traveling to a new destination can be both exciting and dangerous, especially if you make the wrong turns or choices. Thus, proper research and knowledge on the destination you're about to explore is more than essential in order to enjoy the most of your experience. If you're considering to travel in the French Southern and Antarctic Lands soon, here are some 5 facts that you might not know about regarding the destination.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The French Southern and Antarctic Lands is a nickname for the Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands. It is divided into 5 lands - Kerguelen, which is a group of volcanic islands located in the southern Indian Ocean, St. Paul and Amsterdam Islands, which is a group of islands in northern Kerguelen, Crozet Islands, which is located in south of Madagascar, Adelie Land, which is the French claim on the Antarctic continent and the Scattered Islands, which is a disseminated group of islands located on the coast of Madagascar.
2
The population of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands is indefinite. Moreover, it is predominantly inhabited with military officials, civilian officials, support groups and scientific researchers. In addition, there are no airports and harbors on the island, which grants no access to commercial airlines and cruise ships.
3
The economy in these lands are limited to activities that are associated with meteorological and geophysical research bases and other fishing vessels. The land area's natural resources are restricted to fish and crustaceans. The fish that are caught and brought to lles Kerguelen by international ships are then exported to Reunion and France. Fish which are predominant within the territory include the Patagonian toothfish and the spiny lobster.
4
Getting accommodation in the French Southern and Antarctic Lands may seem impossible as there are no public accommodations present in the area. Moreover, you should watch out for active volcanoes. Some volcano areas that are safe to explore is the lle Amsterdam and the lle Saint-Paul, which are both extinct volcanoes.
5
The environment in the French Southern and Antarctic Lands tend to be harsh, particularly during the austral winter. You can seek medical help at the small hospital stationed in Port Aux Francaises, Kerguelen.

The capital of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is Martin-de-Viviès. The currency of French Southern Territories is the Euro(EUR)
French Southern Territories belongs to the Antarctic continent


More countries starting with F

The Country dialling code of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is .tf
Map of French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Population
0
Languages spoken in French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Animals native to French Southern and Antarctic Lands / which animals live in French Southern and Antarctic Lands?
Click here for all Animals in French Southern and Antarctic Lands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Ile Amsterdam (Ile Amsterdam et Ile Saint-Paul): 37 50 S, 77 32 E Ile Saint-Paul (Ile Amsterdam et Ile Saint-Paul): 38 72 S, 77 53 E Iles Crozet: 46 25 S, 51 00 E Iles Kerguelen: 49 15 S, 69 35 E Bassas da India (Iles Eparses): 21 30 S, 39 50 E Europa Island (Iles Eparses): 22 20 S, 40 22 E Glorioso Islands (Iles Eparses): 11 30 S, 47 20 E Juan de Nova Island (Iles Eparses): 17 03 S, 42 45 E Tromelin Island (Iles Eparses): 15 52 S, 54 25 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,900 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 