Gambia, The
Custom Search
West Africa's 'smiling coast' is the gateway to the continent's smallest country. The Republic of Gambia, less formally know as The Gambia, has a long and rich history of cultural diversity, religious tolerance, and respect for the land. Surrounded by Senegal, this picturesque country is nestled in the Gambian River Valley. Unique among Sub-Saharan nations, The Gambia is a growing attraction for visitors; with the full support of the government opportunities for the tourist abound. Five things that you may not know:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Gambia is a former colony of the United Kingdom. Since independence, the nation has continued British traditions in the law and government remaining a stable democracy. The official language is English and is spoken widely. One legacy of British rule is the nation's high level of ethnic and religious tolerance.
2
The population of 1,700,000 million is 58% urban. The country is comprised of an area of 11,333 square miles, of which 12% is the Gambia River and its tributaries. The land is chiefly woodland savannah and scrub brush; mangroves dominate the Gambia River's coastal estuary. Its tropical climate averages 80 degrees through the year with the typical wet and dry seasons.
3
Gambia has a market-based economy accompanied by traditional agriculture. Groundnuts, also called Peanuts, are the main export crop. Since independence the manufacture of consumer goods has grown. Still, agriculture remains dominate employing 80% of the population. Direct foreign investment has grown to 10% of GDP in recent years.
4
The nation has been a trade center for West Africa since the 15th century. Early in the 19th century the slave trade was halted. This history was popularized in the 1980s by American author Alex Haley's book 'Roots.' To memorialize this distinction a historic Roots village was established for visitors.
5
The Gambia is six hours by air from Europe, and flying north to south means there is no 'jet lag' for travelers. It is, also, accessible by land from the north. For the more adventurous, a four-wheel trek from the south is reminiscent of the 'African safari.'

The capital of Gambia, The is Banjul. The currency of Gambia is the Dalasi(GMD)

More countries starting with G

Airports in Gambia, The
Banjul International Airport, and Banjul - Yundum


Leaders of Gambia, The
The Country dialling code of Gambia, The is +220, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Gambia, The is .gm
Map of Gambia, The
Population
1,688,359
Languages spoken in Gambia, The
English
Animals native to Gambia, The / which animals live in Gambia, The?
Click here for all Animals in Gambia, The

Airlines in Gambia, The
Click here for all Airlines in Gambia, The

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Gambia, The
13 28 N, 16 34 W
Kilometers of coastline
80 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
10,000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,300 square kilometers
Birth rate
38.86 / 1000 population
Death rate
11.99 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
20 sq km 