Glorioso Islands
Custom Search
In 1892, Glorioso Islands became a part of France. There are five islands in total; two fertile, green vegetated islands known as Glorieuse and Ile du Lys and three smaller rock islands. The islands in size equal about 1,200 acres and are located off southern Africa in the Indian Ocean, just northwest of Madagascar.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The terrain of Glorieuses and Ile du Lys is low and flat, and the group of islands are surrounded by a massive coral reef system. The climate is tropical and the 'le de Lys Island is noted as being a popular nesting ground for both turtles and migratory seabirds.
2
All of the Glorioso Islands together make up an area about eight times the size of The Mall in Washington DC and are located in the northern Mozambique channel, about 99 miles northwest of Madagascar. Ile de Lys is the largest of the islands measuring about 1,969 feet long and is nearly 8 kms northwest of Glorieuses. The Glorieuses Island is circular and measures about 1,9 miles across. The three tiny rock islets are unnamed.
3
There is a 4,300 ft long airstrip on Ile Glorieuse and boat docks along the north side of the islands. The Glorioso Islands have no economic activity or public accommodations.
4
The Glorioso Islands were founded and named in 1880 by a Frenchman known as Hippolyte Caltaux. He grew a coconut and maize plantation on the island of Glorieuse. During the years 1914 to 1958, special consideration to utilize the islands was given to the Seychelles companies. To this day, Madagascar still claims dominion over the islands.
5
Currently the islands are nature reserves with a radio and meteorological station. They are occupied by French troops of the French Foreign Legion. Madagascar claims the islands because of their considered value as the islands role in the Seychelles Archipelago.


More countries starting with G

The Country dialling code of Glorioso Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Glorioso Islands is
Map of Glorioso Islands
Population
0
Languages spoken in Glorioso Islands
Animals native to Glorioso Islands / which animals live in Glorioso Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Glorioso Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Glorioso Islands
11 30 S, 47 20 E
Kilometers of coastline
35.2 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
5 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 