Greece
Custom Search
Greece is a fascinating country with more history than just about any other and breathtaking natural landscape. The Greek culture is rich with mythology, delicious cuisine, and stunning architecture, among many other things. Take a step into ancient history and discover the unknown treasures of Greece and surprising facts about this remarkable country.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
One of Greece's largest and most delicious exports are olives. Some of the olive trees that are still harvested today were planted as long ago as the thirteenth century. The olive tree shows up often in Greek literature and historical artifacts.
2
The country includes over 200 islands scattered throughout the Mediterranean Sea. Greece's largest island is Crete, whose area is 3,189 square miles. Crete is also the fifth largest island in the entire Mediterranean Sea.
3
Many Greek buildings are painted at least partially a special shade of blue. You can find it painted on window sills, door ways, roofs, and the domes of church buildings. This color of blue, called kyanos, was believed by ancient inhabitants to ward off evil. The Greek word kyanos is the origin of the English word cyan.
4
The Greek flag is made up of 9 stripes of blue and white. The blue is meant to represent the beautiful, bright waters that surround the country. The white stripes represent the purity of freedom for which the Greek people had to struggle to obtain for themselves. The cross in the upper left corner represents the Eastern Orthodox Christianity that is the established religion of Greece.
5
The capital, Athens, is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world. The city has existed for over 7,00 years. Many things were born in Athens, including democracy, the Olympic games, and much of modern math and philosophy. More than thirty percent of Greece's population live there today.

The capital of Greece is Athens. The currency of Greece is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Greece


Greece belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with G

Airports in Greece
Ellinikón Airport, Andravida Airport, Alexandroupoli Airport, Athens Eleftherios Venizelos International Airport, Anchialos Airport, Elefsis Airport, Chios Airport, Heraklion Airport, Kastoria Airport, Kithira Airport, Kefalhnia Airport, Kalamata Airport, Kos Airport, Karpathos Airport, Kerkyra Airport, Chrysoupoli Airport, Kozani Airport, Limnos Airport, Larissa Airport, Mikonos Island, Mikonos Airport, Mytilini Airport, Cyclades Islands, Naxos Airport, Paros Community Airport, Aktion Airport, Rhodes - Maritsa, Araxos Airport, Souda Airport, Skiathos Island, Samos Airport, Syros Airport, Santorini Island, Tanagra Airport, Tripolis Airport, Thessaloniki Airport, Tatoi, Zakinthos Airport, Rhodes Airport, Milos, Leros, and Kratikós Aerodóiméus Thesalloníkis Makedonia


Leaders of Greece
The Country dialling code of Greece is +30, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Greece is .gr
Map of Greece
Population
10,706,290
Languages spoken in Greece
Greek
Animals native to Greece / which animals live in Greece?
Click here for all Animals in Greece

Airlines in Greece
Click here for all Airlines in Greece
Cruise operators from Greece
Festival Cruises



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Greece
39 00 N, 22 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
13,676 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
130,800 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,140 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.62 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.33 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
14,530 sq km 