Grenada
Custom Search
5 Things You Might Not Know About Grenada Grenada is an island country located in the Southeastern part of the Caribbean Sea. It is a relatively smaller island, boasting of 133 square miles in size, and having a population of around 110,000 inhabitants. The island was first discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1498, although indigenous peoples already inhabited the island. Years later in 1649, after numerous attempts by other countries to settle on the island, the French were successful in doing so. This colonial establishment would later be ceded to the English Crown. Having such a diverse and rich history, it is no wonder that Grenada is the country it is today. Still there are many things which not many people know about Grenada. Here are five of those little known facts.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Grenada is a Commonwealth realm. This means that Queen Elizabeth II of Great Britain is titled as the Queen of Grenada and also the Head of State there. The Country is however run by a Prime Minister with a Governor-General present to represent the Crown and its interests.
2
Grenada's official national dish is called the Oil Down. This dish varies in preparation, but typically contains: coconut milk, breadfruit, dumplings, taro leaves, turmeric, and a salted meat. It is cooked in a big pot called a curry pot.
3
Grenada's heritage and culture originate with the French colonists which first settled there and also from the African slaves whom were brought and used for agricultural work. A prime example of this blending is seen in their language as their local dialect, or Patois, has a heavy inclusion of traditional French words.
4
Popular pastimes in Grenada include playing cricket and story telling. Cricket and story telling are both important parts of their culture as they are both heavily embedded. Most Grenadians consider them equally to be rites of passage.
5
Grenada is the one of the world's foremost producers of nutmeg and mace, earning itself the name the Island of Spice. It is rumored that the smell of nutmeg can be smelled offshore by incoming ships.

The capital of Grenada is St. George's. The currency of Grenada is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Grenada


Grenada belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with G

Airports in Grenada
Point Salines International Airport


Leaders of Grenada
The Country dialling code of Grenada is +1 473, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Grenada is .gd
Map of Grenada
Population
89,971
Languages spoken in Grenada
English
Animals native to Grenada / which animals live in Grenada?
Click here for all Animals in Grenada



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Grenada
12 07 N, 61 40 W
Kilometers of coastline
121 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
344 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
21.87 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.61 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 