Guam
Custom Search
Most likely, you have heard of the island of Guam, but outside of that, there might not be much known about where in the world it is located, or anything else regarding the island. There are many facts to be known about the island of Guam, all of which not only are going to help you locate the island on a map, but if you ever decide to visit the location, you know more about the island, before you set foot there.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Guam is an unincorporated territory of the United States. It is also one of five territories owned by the United States. It is also one of the 16 non-self governing territories recognized by the United Nations.
2
Guam is located in the South Pacific. It is closer to Hawaii than any other area of the United States, although it is still fairly separated from any other large land mass.
3
Guam played a principle role in World War II. Guam was the only location the United States owned and operated, outside of Hawaii that far west, and after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the Japanese invaded and took the island, holding it for two and a half years, before the United States took it back.
4
Guam makes most of its money off of tourism. Despite being owned by the United States, it is still rather far away from the mainland, so the main group of tourists are Japanese that visit. Outside of this, Guam brings in most of its other revenue from the United States military, which still runs a base and some operations out of the small island.
5
Guam is the largest island in Micronesia. Micronesia is a grouping of island throughout the South Pacific, and because many of these islands are either uninhabited, territories of other countries (mostly European countries), or are just small, independent islands, the islands are grouped together in order to better show the location of the islands on the map. Guam is only 209 square miles in size, and as this is the largest island, all others are considerably smaller.

The capital of Guam is Hagåtña. The currency of Guam is the US Dollar(USD) Flag of Guam


Guam belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with G

Airports in Guam
South Runway, Harmon Field historical, Big Eye Heliport, Guam International Airport, and North Runway

The Country dialling code of Guam is +1 671, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Guam is .gu
Map of Guam
Population
173,456
Languages spoken in Guam
Animals native to Guam / which animals live in Guam?
Click here for all Animals in Guam



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Guam
13 28 N, 144 47 E
Kilometers of coastline
125.5 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
541.3 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
18.56 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.56 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 