Guyana
Custom Search
As the third-smallest country in South America with a population of less than one million, Guyana is frequently overlooked by travelers in the region. This ethnically diverse country has worked hard to preserve its ecology, meaning visitors can see plants and animals they may not be able to find elsewhere on the continent.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Guyana is a racially split country. The two biggest groups are East Indians, who are known as Indo-Guyanese and make up 44 percent of the population, and African descendants, who are known as Afro-Guyanese and make up 30 percent. Aboriginals comprise 10 percent of the population. Tensions between racial groups have existed since colonization, when the British brought in slaves and used Aboriginals to help control the slave population. Although politics is a fraught topic, visitors to Guyana don't need to worry about riots or violence in the streets.
2
More than 80 percent of Guyana is covered by forests, and this tiny country is one of the most biologically diverse in the world. Common animals include jaguars, tapirs, anteaters, otters, and caimans, many of which are hard to find in other South American countries.
3
The official language of Guyana is English, which is the language of the education system and thus spoken by all residents. Spanish and Portuguese will not help visitors as few residents of Guyana can speak these languages.
4
Guyana is one of only two South American countries where traffic drives on the left. Visitors who are used to driving on the right are advised to take advantage of the extensive taxi and bus services, especially given the terrible road conditions in most of the country.
5
The best time of year to visit is February 23, when the country celebrates the anniversary of the republic. Towns come alive with parades, bands, and costumes, making this date the perfect time to enjoy local entertainment and get a taste of the real Guyana.

The capital of Guyana is Georgetown. The currency of Guyana is the Guyana Dollar(GYD) Flag of Guyana


Guyana belongs to the South American continent


More countries starting with G

Airports in Guyana
Georgetown-Cheddi Jagan International Airport, and Timehri Airport


Leaders of Guyana
The Country dialling code of Guyana is +592, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Guyana is .gy
Map of Guyana
Population
769,095
Languages spoken in Guyana
English
Animals native to Guyana / which animals live in Guyana?
Click here for all Animals in Guyana



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Guyana
5 00 N, 59 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
459 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
196,850 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
18,120 square kilometers
Birth rate
18.09 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.28 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,500 sq km 