Guinea
Custom Search
Guinea, a country in West Africa, is populated by over ten million people. Conakry, the capital city, is also the most populated area in the country. When the casual traveler thinks of Guinea, they may think of its many beautiful beaches, friendly people or temperate climate. For those who wish to take a deeper look, however, here are five things you might not know about Guinea.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Guinea is only one of a few names for the country. After French colonization in 1890, the world new Guinea as French Guinea. When independence was declared from France in October, 1958, the country became Guinea, although it is also known as Guinea-Conakry to avoid confusion with its border state, Guinea-Bissau. Officially, however, the country's name is The Republic of Guinea.
2
Guinea is shaped like a crescent roll. The odd-shaped land mass begins at the Atlantic ocean and forms a curve toward the east and south. The north is bordered by Guinea-Bissau, Senegal, and Mali while the south by Sierra Leone, Liberia, and C'te d'Ivoire. The total land mass of Guinea is 94,981 square miles, which is somewhat larger than Minnesota and somewhat smaller than Michigan.
3
Guinea is a mineral rich country, possessing half of the total world's total reserves of Bauxite, which is essential to aluminum manufacture. Guinea has many diamond and gold mines, and has vast, albeit mostly untapped hydroelectric power resources.
4
There are 24 different ethnic groups in Guinea. The largest ethnic group, at 43 percent of Guinea's population, are the Fula peoples, followed by the Mandinka at 35 percent and the Soussou at 20 percent. Due to the large number of ethnic groups in Guinea, a multitude of languages are spoken including Susa, Pular, English, French, Maninka, Fulfuldi, Kissi, Kpelle, Loma, Conakry, and Toma.
5
Islam is the most popular religion in Guinea, followed by approximately 85 percent of the country's people. Most of Guinea's Muslims are either Sunni or Sufi, with few Shi'as. About eight percent of Guinea's people follow a Christian religion. Seven percent are animists, meaning they believe both humans and inanimate objects possess souls.

The capital of Guinea is Conakry. The currency of Guinea is the Guinea Franc(GNF) Flag of Guinea


Guinea is an African country


More countries starting with G

Airports in Guinea
Conakry - Gbessia, Faranah - Badala, Kissidougou, Labe, Macenta, N'Zerekore, Boke, and Siguiri


Leaders of Guinea
The Country dialling code of Guinea is +224, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Guinea is .gn
Map of Guinea
Population
9,947,814
Languages spoken in Guinea
French, Fula
Animals native to Guinea / which animals live in Guinea?
Click here for all Animals in Guinea

Airlines in Guinea
Click here for all Airlines in Guinea

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Guinea
11 00 N, 10 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
320 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
245,857 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
41.53 / 1000 population
Death rate
15.33 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
950 sq km 