Haiti
Custom Search
Haiti is a country located in the West Indies which takes up about one third of the western part of the island of Hispaniola. Haiti lies in between The Atlantic Ocean to the North and The Caribbean Sea to the South. Haiti has been known for many violent and tumultuous times but there are many things a person either researching or visiting Haiti may not know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
There are two official languages in Haiti. One of them being Haitian Creole which is a language based on mainly french influences is also influenced by African, Spanish and English languages. The other official language is French.
2
The geography of Haiti is unique as two thirds of the country is made up of mountainous regions. The other parts of the country are made up of valleys, plateaus, and small plains.
3
Nearly eighty percent of Haiti is made up of Christian followers who share roots with Roman Catholic beliefs. The remainder of individuals in Haiti are generally Protestant and various other religions. While in some countries a large population being of a single religion is uncommon due to diversity and other factors.
4
The government of Haiti is a semi-presidential republic where individual leaders are elected based upon a popular election system. The legal system of Haiti can be seen as based on a version of Napoleonic code. This code, created by Napoleon in 1801, offers protection of religious beliefs, government jobs for the most qualified, and also eliminated the practice of privileges gained at birth.
5
Recently, Haiti suffered a major earthquake in 2010. The magnitude of the earthquake was 7,0. The affects of the earthquake and its magnitude rivaled anything that had been seen in the area in over 200 years. Officially, the death toll caused by the earthquake of 2010 was approximately 316,000 as stated by the government.

The capital of Haiti is Port-au-Prince. The currency of Haiti is the Gourde(HTG) and the US Dollar(USD). Flag of Haiti


Haiti belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with H

Airports in Haiti
Aéroport international Toussaint Louverture, and Cap-Haitien


Leaders of Haiti
The Country dialling code of Haiti is +509, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Haiti is .ht
Map of Haiti
Population
8,706,497
Languages spoken in Haiti
French, Haitian Creole
Animals native to Haiti / which animals live in Haiti?
Click here for all Animals in Haiti

Airlines in Haiti
Click here for all Airlines in Haiti

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Haiti
19 00 N, 72 25 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,771 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
27,560 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
190 square kilometers
Birth rate
35.87 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.4 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
920 sq km 