Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Custom Search
Have you ever heard of HIMI' It's a sub-Antarctic group of islands in the Southern Indian Ocean that is one haven for free spirited animals where no human seems to thrive and discern its extreme weather. HIMI stands for Heard Island and McDonald Island and is 4,000 kilometers southwest of Australia. HIMI is a home to species of birds and wild life animal that can withstand the cold weather and climate the islands has to offer. HIMI is a fascinating paradise and here are some facts you might want to know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Heard Island prides its main attraction, Big Ben. Big Ben is a sporadically active volcano with a massive peak of 2,745 meters above sea level which is visible enough from any distance when approaching HIMI Island. Another active volcano in Heard Island is Mawson Peak.
2
Despite the extreme weather and climate condition in HIMI, wild life is also present in the area. The Southern Elephant Seal is the most abundant specie among the seven species of seal thriving in Heard Island. Bird species also populate the HIMI region that conducts the orchestra of the area. Along with the sound of the waves are the chirping sounds of Albatross, Sheathbills, Petrels, Heard Island Cormorants, Penguins, and Skuas.
3
Although being under the Commonwealth of Australia, HIMI territory is still to be fully discovered by different scientist or researchers. There are still hidden treasures that ought to be discovered in the HIMI region.
4
Being a natural haven for wild life, HIMI has only two visits of tourist listed to its account. The cold weather and rough waters are the basic hindrances for tourist and humans to visit the area of the area.
5
Readings and data gathered are all taken at Atlas Cove. The average temperature of HIMI is 0'C. Summer has an average of 4,4'C and -2,5'C during the winter. The whole area of HIMI is mostly covered with glaciers that spell the cold weather in the area with also a rainfall average reading of 135 cm. Winds are dominantly westerly with mean speeds of 26km/hr.
The currency of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is the Australian Dollar(AUD)
Heard Island and McDonald Islands belongs to the Antarctic continent


More countries starting with H

The Country dialling code of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is .hm
Map of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Population
0
Languages spoken in Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Animals native to Heard Island and McDonald Islands / which animals live in Heard Island and McDonald Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Heard Island and McDonald Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Heard Island and McDonald Islands
53 06 S, 72 31 E
Kilometers of coastline
101.9 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
412 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 