Hungary
Custom Search
How much do you know about Hungary' Hungary is a very popular tourist destination among Americans, Canadians and even other Europeans but there is still a lot that people don't know. Being that Hungary is so popular you would think that people would know more about it when in reality, they really don't. Below are 5 things you may or may not know about Hungary.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Hungary is one of Europe's oldest countries which was established in year 896. Being that the country was established thousands of years ago you would think that a lot has change but even things like government is similar to what it was like back in the day.
2
Magyar is the country's official language and was passed down from the Huns. The Huns were also the people who gave the country its name. Many people think the official language is Hungarian, it is but that is not the correct name of the language.
3
Currently Hungary has around 10 million people but due to lack of resources and livelihood people are leaving. Some people will move away and others will pass away due to the poor living conditions in some of the cities. Budapest, which is Hungary's biggest city has above standard living conditions and therefore makes up roughly 2 million of the people.
4
The main cuisine in Hungary is meat, especially beef and pork. With most meals you will eat meat, plenty of fruit and vegetables and cheese. Hungarians take their ethnic cuisine very seriously and that is why every meal is properly prepared.
5
The summertime is the most popular time of the year because of its weather. During the summer the days are relatively hot and the nights are slightly cold. It is this exact weather that has many tourists flocking to Hungary every year.

The capital of Hungary is Budapest. The currency of Hungary is the Forint(HUF) Flag of Hungary


Hungary belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with H

Airports in Hungary
Budapest - Ferihegy, Debrecen, Kecskemet, Nyiregyhaza - Napkor, Pecs - Pogany, Szentkiralyszabadja, Siofok, Szolnok, Tokol, Taszar, Gy, and Szombathelyi Repül


Leaders of Hungary
The Country dialling code of Hungary is +36, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Hungary is .hu

List of oil fields in Hungary (1)
Map of Hungary
Population
9,956,108
Languages spoken in Hungary
Hungarian
Animals native to Hungary / which animals live in Hungary?
Click here for all Animals in Hungary

Airlines in Hungary
Click here for all Airlines in Hungary

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Hungary
47 00 N, 20 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
92,340 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
690 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.66 / 1000 population
Death rate
13.05 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
2,300 sq km 