Ireland
Custom Search
Ireland is considered one of the most beautiful countries in the world due to its lush green landscape that can be enjoyed year round. The island is split politically split between two different governments known as the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. While it is known for many different things, here are five different things that aren't as well known about the Emerald Isle:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Not only is Ireland heavily involved in soccer and rugby, but the country is also nationally involved in a sport known as Gaelic football. It is the most widely viewed sport in the country and is considered a national icon. The main purpose of Gaelic football is to have the highest score at the end of the game by kicking or hitting the ball into or through the goal. It is a cross between regular soccer, rugby and even has similarities to basketball.
2
The economy in Ireland has fluctuated drastically over the last two decades due to the quick rise and fall of the economic boom known as 'The Celtic Tiger.' Ireland itself has been known as The Celtic Tiger in the past as well, but due to the very quick rise of the economic status of the country, the term was redefined as Ireland's economic growth. The growth caused Ireland to change from being one of Europe's poorest countries to one of its wealthiest.
3
Similar to England and other British countries, tea is a very important part of the Irish culture. Most meals either start or end with at least one cup of tea, and usually many more. Served along with the Irish tea is usually a variety of sweets or baked goods and cookies. While these treats will usually not be served with breakfast, they will almost always accompany the tea served at any other meal.
4
While the Blarney Stone is usually considered one of the most well-known tourist attractions of Ireland, and equally magnificent, but lesser known attractions are the Cliffs of Moher. Featured in the very popular movie, 'The Princess Bride,' the cliffs span eight kilometers and are over 200 meters high in certain points. The cliffs are famous for the drastic drop off that goes straight down to the Atlantic Ocean.
5
Despite the island being split between two major governments, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland share many major systems including transportation, energy, water and communication. The split of the country was mainly between those Catholics that wanted complete independence from the United Kingdom, and the Protestants wanting the opposite.

The capital of Ireland is Dublin. The currency of Ireland is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Ireland


Ireland belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with I

Airports in Ireland
Cork Airport, Dublin Airport, Connaught, Casement Aerodrome, Shannon Airport, and Galway


Leaders of Ireland
The Country dialling code of Ireland is +353, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Ireland is .ie
Map of Ireland
Population
4,109,086
Languages spoken in Ireland
Animals native to Ireland / which animals live in Ireland?
Click here for all Animals in Ireland

Airlines in Ireland
Click here for all Airlines in Ireland

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Ireland
53 00 N, 8 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,448 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
68,890 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,390 square kilometers
Birth rate
14.4 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.79 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 