Isle of Man
Custom Search
The Isle of Man is a small island located between Great Britain and Ireland in the middle of the Irish Sea. Not a country in its own right, the island is actually a self-governing British Crown Dependency ruled over by the British monarchy. With an area of 221 square miles and a population of over 80,000, it has its own local Parliament, separate from that of mainland Britain, which attends to its affairs.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Isle of Man actually has its own currency known as Manx Pounds and Pence. Much like Scotland's own monetary system, it is based on and comparable to the English pound. The Manx pound is not considered legal to use anywhere other than the Island, while the British pound can be used on the Isle of Man.
2
Otherwise known as Manx, the Isle of Man gives its name to a specific breed of tailless cat. The Manx cat, as it is known, appeared on the island around the 1700s. The legend states that the cats came from a shipwrecked Spanish Armada vessel and, having managed to swim ashore, settled on the island.
3
The Tynwald of the Isle of Man is actually the oldest continuous Parliament still in existence. The authority has been gathering since the year 979 and represent only domestic matters relating to the island. As a Crown dependency, the island's defense and representation within Europe and worldwide is attended to by the English Parliament.
4
The Isle of Man has two national dialects: English and Manx Gaelic. The language is more akin to Scottish and Irish Gaelic than the Welsh and Cornish dialects and is actually taught in some schools on the island. The last native speaker of Manx Gaelic actually died in 1974, but to try and preserve the heritage of the island efforts are being made to bring it back.
5
The motto located on the island's flag reads Quocunque Jeceris Stabit, which means Whithersoever you throw it, it will stand. It has been associated with the Isle of Man since around 1300, and was the motto before that of the ancient lords of the Scottish islands, the Macleods of Lewis. The Isle of Man fell under the rule of these lords around 1266.

The capital of Isle of Man is Douglas, Isle of Man. The currency of Isle of Man is the Pound Sterling(GBP) Flag of Isle of Man


Isle of Man belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with I

Airports in Isle of Man
Isle Of Man - Ronaldsway Airport

The Country dialling code of Isle of Man is +44, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Isle of Man is .im
Map of Isle of Man
Population
75,831
Languages spoken in Isle of Man
Animals native to Isle of Man / which animals live in Isle of Man?
Click here for all Animals in Isle of Man



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Isle of Man
54 15 N, 4 30 W
Kilometers of coastline
160 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
572 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.96 / 1000 population
Death rate
11.1 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 