Israel
Custom Search
Israel is located in the Middle East at the Eastern part of the Mediterranean Sea. There are over 8,000 people in Israel, 3/4 of the 8,000,000 are of Jewish origin and Israel is known as the land of the Jew. Israel has two nation languages, Hebrew and Arabic. Israeli life revolves around the Hebrew calendar and work and school days are scheduled around the Jewish Holidays. Israel has the highest life expectancy then any other city in the world. Some other known and lesser known facts about Israel are too numerous, however a few of these facts are as follows:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
A student in Israel can expect to attend school for 15 years and education is mandatory. Israel is third in the world with students who earn academic degrees, which makes it easier to understand how six Nobel Prize winning scientists have come from Israel, since 2002.
2
In 1948 Israel became an independent state and the Jewish population since 1948 has been returning to their home country. The Jewish Nation is known in the Bible as the Kingdom of Israel or The Holy Land. Other nations have been trying for years to take Israel from the Jewish people and have been unsuccessful, as God had rendered Israel as the country land of the Jewish population. For this reason Israel has a long history of conflict.
3
Israel receives snow at least once during the winter months. The more mountainous areas can be cold, windy and snowy.
4
Court systems defend freedom of human rights and liberties in Israel. Defense forces include the Israeli, Army, Air Force, and Navy.
5
Israel is one of the most advanced industrial and economic developed countries in the Middle East. Israel is strong in the theater arts. Israel is self sufficient in production of food. Music and dance is a big part of Israel and stems from all over the world. Religions in Israel include Jew's, Christians, Muslims and Bahai's. Israel has large religious tourisms with the largest number of museums of any other city, and has two international airports.

The capital of Israel is Jerusalem. The currency of Israel is the New Israeli Sheqel(ILS) Flag of Israel


Israel belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with I

Airports in Israel
Ben Gurion, Beer-Sheva, Eilat, Sde-Haifa Haifa, Galilee - Pina, Ovda, Tel Aviv - Sde-Dov Airport, and Mitspeh-Ramon


Leaders of Israel
The Country dialling code of Israel is +972, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Israel is .il

List of oil fields in Israel (3)
Map of Israel
Population
6,426,679
Languages spoken in Israel
Arabic, Hebrew
Animals native to Israel / which animals live in Israel?
Click here for all Animals in Israel

Airlines in Israel
Click here for all Airlines in Israel

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Israel
31 30 N, 34 45 E
Related micronations
Akhzivland
Kilometers of coastline
273 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
20,330 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
440 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.71 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.17 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,940 sq km 