Italy
Custom Search
Italy is a country that's located in the southern part of Europe. It consists of several land areas as well as mainland. Italy's capital, Rome is situated at the central-western part of the Italian peninsula. It is the largest and most populated city in Italy, consisting of over 2,7 million residents and known for the location of majorities of hotels in Italy.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Being one of the oldest countries in the world, with the highest number of cultural sites and museums consisting of over 3000, Italy's population as of 2009 measures approximately 60 million. Italy's capital, Rome is almost 3,000 years old, making it one of the oldest cities in the world.
2
With approximately 50 million visitors every year, Italy is recognized as the 4th most sightseeing country in the world. Italy's land mass measures about 301,230 square kilometers of which 294,020 square kilometer is occupied by land, while the remaining 7,120 square kilometer is occupied by water. Italy comprises of religions such as Roman Catholic, Jews, Protestants and Islamic religion. However, 87,8% of Italian associate themselves as Roman Catholic.
3
The languages spoken in Italy are Italian, English, French, German and Slovene. However, Italian language is the official language spoken. The Italian flag comprises of three colors: green, white and red which represents hope, faith and charity.
4
The ice cream cone, the espresso machine, the thermometer, the typewriter and the eyeglasses originated from Italy. Italy experiences natural disasters like volcanoes and earth quakes more than any other European country. The symbol 'SPQR' which stands for 'the senate and people of Rome' can be found on several ancient buildings in Rome.
5
Italy was united as a nation in the year 1861. The University of Rome is one of the most ancient universities on earth; it was founded in 1303 A.D. by the Catholic Church. The accepted currency in Italy is the euro, which was introduced to member countries on the 1st of January 1999 by the European monetary union, and later became the only currency in Italy for every day transaction on the 1st of January 2002.

The capital of Italy is Rome. The currency of Italy is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Italy


Italy belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with I

Airports in Italy
Aeroporto della Malpensa, Aeroporto Cristoforo Colombo, Venezia-San Nicol, Marco Polo Airport, Aeroporto di Bologna "Guglielmo Marconi" - Terminal A, Aeroporto di Bologna "Guglielmo Marconi" - Terminal B, Aeroporto di Catania-Fontanarossa, Amendola, Crotone, Bari - Palese Macchie, Grottaglie, Lecce, Aeroporto d'Abruzzo, Brindisi, Gioia Del Colle, Lamezia Terme, Lampedusa, Pantelleria, Palermo - Punta Raisi, Palermo Boccadifalco, Reggio Calabria, Trapani - Birgi, Catania - Sigonella, Alghero, Decimomannu, Olbia - Costa Smeralda, Bergamo - Orio Al Serio, Torino - Caselle, Albenga, Milano - Linate, Parma, Piacenza, Cuneo - Levaldigi, Aviano, Bolzano, Cervia, Udine - Campoformido, Ferrara, Treviso - S. Angelo, Udine - Rivolto, Forli, Brescia - Ghedi, Ronchi Dei Legionari, Rimini, Vicenza, Verona - Villafranca, Falconara, Sarzana - Luni, Roma - Ciampino, Pratica Di Mare, Roma Fiumicino, Guidonia, Pontecagnano Air Force Base, Marina Di Campo, Latina, Grazzanise, Napoli - Capodichino, Pisa - S. Giusto, Firenze - Peretola, Grosseto, Roma - Urbe, Viterbo, Perugia, Cagliari - Elmas, Novara - Cameri, Brescia - Montichia, Treviso - Istrana, Ampugnano, Flughafen Rom-Ciampino, Flughafen Mailand-Linate, and Pista Mattei


Leaders of Italy
The Country dialling code of Italy is +39, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Italy is .it
Map of Italy
Population
58,147,733
Languages spoken in Italy
Albanian, Catalan, Croatian, Franco-Provençal, French, Friulian, German, Greek, Italian, Ladin, Occitan, Sardinian, Slovenian
Car brands from Italy
Abarth, Alfa, Alfa Romeo, Ansaldo, ASA, ATS, Autobianchi, B Engineering, Bertone, Bianchi, Bizzarrini, Castagna, Chiribiri, Cisitalia, Cizeta-Moroder, De Tomaso, Diatto, Faralli and Mazzanti, Ferrari, Fiat, Fioravanti, Ghia, Innocenti, Iso, Isotta-Fraschini, Itala, Italdesign, Lamborghini, Lancia, LMX, Maserati, Momo, Moretti, Nardi, Nazzaro, OM, Osca, OSI, Pagani, Pininfarina, Siata, SPA, Spadaconcept, Temperino, Zagato, and Züst

Animals native to Italy / which animals live in Italy?
Click here for all Animals in Italy

Airlines in Italy
Click here for all Airlines in Italy
Cruise operators from Italy
Costa Cruises, and Home Lines



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Italy
42 50 N, 12 50 E
Kilometers of coastline
7,600 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
294,020 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
7,210 square kilometers
Birth rate
8.54 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.5 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
27,500 sq km 