Jersey
Custom Search
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Agriculture is so vital to the economy of Jersey that the importation of cattle from other countries is prohibited, in order to protect the genetic heritage of their cows, which are famous around the world. Jersey cows, also known as purple cattle, are small dairy cows. The breed is favored due to the high content of butterfat (6%) in its milk, friendly and docile disposition, and low maintenance costs. The Jersey cow has been bred on the island for hundreds of years, and is believed to have descended from cattle imported from nearby Normandy. It was first recognised as a unique and separate breed in 1700.
2
The country's right to independent governance was established more than seven centuries ago. Originally the island was part of the land mass known as Normandy, and was placed under English rule for 200 years following the conquest by William. In 1204 control of Normandy was lost to France, and inhabitants of the island chose to stay loyal to the English crown, gaining unique rights and privileges which remain to this day. It has its own independent judicial system.
3
Jersey is the largest of the Channel Islands with a land mass of 45 square miles. The island is divided into 12 distinct parishes, which largely take their names from saints.
4
Jersey is neither part of the EU nor fully part of the UK, which means that it is exempt from the levying of duty tax. This has made it a haven for 'duty-free' shopping, and as it is also exempt from VAT many retailers have set up distribution centers and offices here in order to pass on the savings to their customers.
5
The largest festival in the Jersey calendar is known as 'The Battle of the Flowers', and first took place in August 1902 to celebrate the coronation of Edward II. Originally intended as a flower parade, when spectators threw the flowers back the idea of a 'Battle' was born. Every year, the festival grows in size, with more than 100 floats participating in the parade.

The capital of Jersey is Saint Helier. The currency of Jersey is the Pound Sterling(GBP)
Jersey belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with J

Airports in Jersey
Jersey Airport

The Country dialling code of Jersey is +44, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Jersey is .je
Map of Jersey
Population
91,321
Languages spoken in Jersey
Animals native to Jersey / which animals live in Jersey?
Click here for all Animals in Jersey



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Jersey
49 15 N, 2 10 W
Kilometers of coastline
70 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
116 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.02 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.32 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 