Jordan
Custom Search
The country of Jordan is one of the travel secrets of the middle east. There are many interesting and important attractions. Some of these are important archaeological projects in process. There are also important pilgrimage sites for followers of Christianity.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Founded by the army of Alexander the Great at the end of the 4th century BC, the city of Jerash, called Gerasa in ancient times was a boomtown for hundreds of years. It became a bastion of the Roman Empire in the 2nd century AD. Many Roman ruins and Christian churches, from a later time, are there for inspection.
2
The twice lost and rediscovered city of Petra has survived erosion, water damage and Hollywood film crews. Still the city, and its ancient Nabataean ruins are a testament and reminder to why this city was one of the ancient world's wonders.
3
The Dana Nature reserve can be difficult to reach but is worth the trouble. The reserve has more than 300 square kilometers of surprises. In addition to rare wildlife species, every type of landscape imaginable is located in or near Dana. There are wood filled highlands, rocky hills leading to gravel plains and amazing sand dunes.
4
The Dead Sea, despite the name, is a place full of life, tourist life. The attraction is salt-water bathing and Dead Sea mud bath treatments. Travel past the public bathing area for a few kilometers. The road comes to the edge of the sea and remains for some distance. There are many accessible and private places to make your own mud bath and float in the sea, without excessive entrance fees.
5
Christian travelers have been coming to the site of Bethany, where Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist. This is a location of growing importance for both religious and archaeological reasons. Access to this site was block from right after World War II until the year 2000. At that time, the Catholic church recognized the site and helped clear land mines and other obstacles to pilgrimage travel.

The capital of Jordan is Amman. The currency of Jordan is the Jordanian Dinar(JOD) Flag of Jordan


Jordan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with J

Airports in Jordan
Matar al Malik ?usayn, Matar al Malikah 'Alya' ad Duwali, Matar al Aqabah, Matar Amman al Madani, Queen Alia International, H-5'Safawi, and H-4'Irwaished


Leaders of Jordan
The Country dialling code of Jordan is +962, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Jordan is .jo
Map of Jordan
Population
6,053,193
Languages spoken in Jordan
Arabic
Animals native to Jordan / which animals live in Jordan?
Click here for all Animals in Jordan

Airlines in Jordan
Click here for all Airlines in Jordan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Jordan
31 00 N, 36 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
26 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
91,971 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
329 square kilometers
Birth rate
20.69 / 1000 population
Death rate
2.68 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
750 sq km 