Juan de Nova Island
Custom Search
Juan de Nova Island or sometimes known as Ile Juan de Nova, was discovered in 1501 by a Galician admiral in the service of Portugal. This island lies in close proximity to Africa in the Indian Ocean and is just less than one mile wide at its widest point. It is just one of the many tiny islands in and around the area. It is under French control and French law. This island is considered uninhabited. Some interesting facts about Juan de Nova Island are as follows:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
German submariners set up a few houses, a jetty and a small unpaved air strip but have long been abandoned and the structures lay in ruins. The island has a small air strip a short railway and a weather station manned by a small group of French military, and meteorologists, since the island is under French rule.
2
Juan de Nova Island, with its tropical climate, is nearly all covered by forest making is the ideal wildlife sanctuary and home to many terns and turtles and other wildlife. Terns breed on the island from November to March every year, and turtles nest in the beaches surrounding of the island. Surrounded by a coral reef the island has claimed many ships and some of the wrecks can be clearly seen, such as the German ship the SS. Tottenham.
3
Over 10,000 tons of guano and other fertilizers and phosphates are taken from the island yearly and aside from this Juan de Nova Island has no economic status, no real tourist attractions and no accommodations for travelers.
4
Environmental risks to Juan de Nova Island are occasional cyclones.
5
Madagascar still claims possession of Juan de Nova Island even though the French Flag flies on the island and it is under French rule.


More countries starting with J

The Country dialling code of Juan de Nova Island is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Juan de Nova Island is
Map of Juan de Nova Island
Population
0
Languages spoken in Juan de Nova Island
Animals native to Juan de Nova Island / which animals live in Juan de Nova Island?
Click here for all Animals in Juan de Nova Island



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Juan de Nova Island
17 03 S, 42 45 E
Kilometers of coastline
24.1 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
4.4 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 