Kazakhstan
Custom Search
The central Asian nation of Kazakhstan declared its independence from the former Soviet Union in December of 1991. Kazakhstan shares borders with Russia, China, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan. The nation also has a large coastline on the Caspian Sea, a major source of oil export revenue.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Kazakhstan is the ninth largest nation on earth. The country's diverse geography spans 14 provinces that cover over one million square miles, making Kazakhstan larger than all of Western Europe combined. The nation's vast geography consists of vast plains, high mountain peaks as well as arid valleys.
2
Kazakhstan is home to one of the youngest populations on earth. It's 15 million inhabitants are an average age of 30,2 years as of 2011. Over sixty percent of Kazaks live in urban populations. The nation's many diverse ethnic groups live in relative harmony. The nation's modern culture is a blend of Western influence and Turkish nomadic traditions.
3
Though elections of the president and parliament members are held every five years, public criticism of the president and government officials of Kazakhstan is considered a criminal offense. And while the country is home to over 1,000 newspapers and 250 TV stations, nearly all are government-run or have ties to political backers.
4
Kazaki cuisine is largely centered on entrees comprised of boiled lamb and horse meat, a cultural tradition which dates back to the nation's nomadic roots. Milk from donkeys, camels, cows and sheep is also a popular staple.
5
Kazakhstani's won eight medals in the 2004 Summer Olympics - the most medals of any Western Asian nation. Soccer, cycling, ice hockey and boxing are the nation's most popular sporst. Rugby union is also increasingly popular. The Kazakhstan Premier League is the top division of Kazakhi soccer and is comprised of 12 professional clubs.

The capital of Kazakhstan is Astana. The currency of Kazakhstan is the Tenge(KZT) Flag of Kazakhstan


Kazakhstan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with K

Airports in Kazakhstan
Almaty, Astana, Shymkent, Karaganda, Kzyl-Orda, Uralsk, Aktau, Aktjubinsk, Kostanay, and Dzezkazgan


Leaders of Kazakhstan
List of seas in Kazakhstan
Aral Sea

The Country dialling code of Kazakhstan is +7, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Kazakhstan is .kz
Map of Kazakhstan
Population
15,284,929
Languages spoken in Kazakhstan
Kazakh, Russian
Animals native to Kazakhstan / which animals live in Kazakhstan?
Click here for all Animals in Kazakhstan

Airlines in Kazakhstan
Click here for all Airlines in Kazakhstan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Kazakhstan
48 00 N, 68 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
2,669,800 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
47,500 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.23 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.4 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
35,560 sq km 