
Kenya
Custom Search
Although the country of Kenya is classed as a developing one, it is one of the most developed countries in Africa. It is also among the major tourism destinations in Africa. But what is Kenya most known for' Here are some facts about the country.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Kenya is a country located in Eastern Africa and is bordered by five nations namely Tanzania, Uganda, Sudan, Ethiopia and Somalia. It also borders the Indian ocean to the south east and is therefore not a land locked country. It is a relatively large country and has the biggest and most advanced economy in Eastern Africa. Most of the landlocked Eastern Africa countries rely on Kenya's ports due to bordering of the Indian ocean. Its borders are also perfectly guarded from any national security threats. This protection helps in safeguarding peace within the country Another factor that helps Kenya remain peaceful is the fact it has one of the most powerful militaries in Africa. Therefore, there is minimal external threat.
2
Kenya's population is estimated at 40 Million people. This is a population that is composed of 42 tribes. Each of the 42 tribes has its own ethnic language. However, the tribes are unified by Swahili and English, which are the two national languages. Most of the people of Kenya can therefore speak three languages, namely Swahili, English and their respective ethnic language. There is also a language that is cropping up among the youth that is known as 'Sheng'. It is a blend of Swahili, English and has its own set of unique words. The two national languages are also the formal languages spoken in the Kenyan Offices. There are also locals who are conversant with French, German, Spanish and other major languages in the world.
3
Kenya has 3 cities and many other numerous towns. The 3 cities are Nairobi, Mombasa and Kisumu. Nairobi, being the biggest, is the capital city and has a population of over 4 million people. It is located in the central part of the country and forms the engine of Kenya's economy. Mombasa is the second biggest city and is a coastal town. It is located in the south eastern part of the country. Its sandy beaches largely attract local and international tourists. Kisumu city is the third largest and is located in the Western part of the country. It is a lakeside city and grew due to the Kenya-Uganda railway.
4
Kenya has the eighth world wonder. This is the wild beast migration that occurs on an annual basis. Hundreds of thousands of wild beasts migrate simultanously from the Maasai Mara game reserve to the Serengeti game reserve in Tanzania. The migration usually occurs during the month of June, when the wild beast move to seek greener pastures. The spectacular migration is a major tourist attraction and most people watch it from the Maasai Mara game reserve. The most popular stage to watch is as the wild beast cross the Mara river. This is also the stage where a large number of the beasts fall prey to the predator crocodiles within the river.
5
Kenya prides itself in the wide range of wild animals. It has a one of the widest variety of animals in the world. The country is especially known for its rich collection of the big five, which include lions, elephants, rhinos, buffaloes and cheetahs. All the animals are kept in game reserves that are scattered around the country. Some of the most popular game reserves include Tsavo, Maasai Mara, Meru, Sibiloi, Lake Nakuru, etc. Each of the reserves has the big five and many other wild animals. Nairobi National Park, which is one of the game reserves is the only game reserve in the world that is located around a capital city. In order to protect the animals, the government has enacted strict laws to prevent poaching and any other wild endangering activity. In fact, poaching is a crime that carries a very heavy punishment in Kenya. The country also has an animal orphanage in Nairobi, where some of the endangered animals are taken care of until they mature enough to survive in the wild.

The capital of Kenya is Nairobi. The currency of Kenya is the Kenyan Shilling(KES) Flag of Kenya


Kenya is an African country


More countries starting with K

Airports in Kenya
Eldoret, Garissa, Nairobi-Jomo Kenyatta Airport TWR-APP-NOF-Civil Airlines, Kakamega, Kisumu, Kericho, Kitale, Lodwar, Lamu, Mandera, Marsabit, Malindi, Mombasa, Moyale, Nyeri, Nakuru, Nanyuki, Wajir, and Nairobi - Wilson


Leaders of Kenya
The Country dialling code of Kenya is +254, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Kenya is .ke
Map of Kenya
Population
36,913,721
Languages spoken in Kenya
English, Swahili
Animals native to Kenya / which animals live in Kenya?
Click here for all Animals in Kenya

Airlines in Kenya
Click here for all Airlines in Kenya

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Kenya
1 00 N, 38 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
536 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
569,250 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
13,400 square kilometers
Birth rate
38.94 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.95 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,030 sq km