Kyrgyzstan
Custom Search
Kyrgyzstan is a beautiful landlocked mountain area surrounded by Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, and China. Kyrgyzstan won its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 and welcomes many tourists each year that are looking for a country that is easily accessible and is also very progressive. The official languages of the country are Russian and Kyrgyz. The country has the largest mix of ethnically diverse populations in Asia including Russians, Chechens, Chinese Muslims, Germans, Poles, Jews and Ouighur.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
One of the best ways to see Kyrgyzstan is from the seat of a bicycle starting the trip in July to mid September on the Tosor-gorge road. From there it is easy to ride on the mountainous passes and see the 3,750 meters above sea level Arabel Valley, the pristine pastures surrounding Son-Kul Lake, some of the 50 lakes of the 470 kilometer Naryn Valley and the ancient burial mounds of the Son-Kul Valley. Bikers can enjoy seeing many forms of wildlife while they are riding including deer, fox, marmots, Marco Polo Sheep, lynx, leopards, and wolves.
2
Horseback tours of Kyrgyzstan are very popular from mid June to mid September with stays in yurts, a portable structures used by the nomads of the area for centuries. Most rides are taken through numerous mountain passes that include KyzylKia, Djailoo Kilemche, and SonKul. Along the way, riders can enjoy the national drink kumis, which is an alcoholic beverage made with fermented mares' milk, milked from mid-June to early October, the typical foaling season in Kyrgyzstan. Riders will enjoy the shorter, surefooted horses of Kyrgyzstan, which are a combination of Arabian thoroughbred studs and ancient mountain horses.
3
Kyrgyzstan is learning to capitalize on the winter sports trend. The largest resort is Shymbulak, located near the largest city in Kazakhstan, Almaty, in theZaiilisky Alatau mountain range, served as the host area for the 2011 Asian Winter Games and will make a bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Shymbulak offers world class speed skating, ice hockey, figure skating, ski jumping and snowboarding facilities. Winter sports enthusiasts will also enjoy the Karakol Ski Base located in the Tien Shan Mountains.
4
Those looking for a shopping adventure should head to the Osh Bazaar in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. This traditional Eastern market is a great place to try some of the traditional Kyrgyz cusine including roasted sheep's liver and horse meat sausage. Visitors can buy a sheep's head, which is considered a great delicacy for wealthier families in Kyrgystan. Visitors will also want to visit the 6,000 double-stacked shipping containers at the Dordoi Bazaar where the bottom container serves as the store front.
5
Those who love the water will want to visit Issyk Kul, the world's second largest high altitude mountain lake. The UNESCO protected area is one of the world's premier Ramsar Wetlands.

The capital of Kyrgyzstan is Bishkek. The currency of Kyrgyzstan is the Som(KGS) Flag of Kyrgyzstan


Kyrgyzstan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with K

Airports in Kyrgyzstan
Bishkek-Manas Airport


Leaders of Kyrgyzstan
The Country dialling code of Kyrgyzstan is +996, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Kyrgyzstan is .kg
Map of Kyrgyzstan
Population
5,284,149
Languages spoken in Kyrgyzstan
Kirghiz, Russian
Animals native to Kyrgyzstan / which animals live in Kyrgyzstan?
Click here for all Animals in Kyrgyzstan

Airlines in Kyrgyzstan
Click here for all Airlines in Kyrgyzstan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Kyrgyzstan
41 00 N, 75 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
191,300 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
7,200 square kilometers
Birth rate
23.08 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.02 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
10,720 sq km 