Lebanon
Custom Search
Lebanon has enjoyed a rich Middle Eastern history. The oldest documented, continuously inhabited city in the world is Byblos found in Lebanon. Artifacts dated to before 5,000 BC have been unearthed. Over 7000 years ago Neolithic man fished on the Mediterranean Ocean that is now Lebanon. The Phoenician's came from here. They were a culturally and militarily advanced society for over 2,500 years. The capital city of Beirut and been overrun 17 times by differing groups, nationalities and religions. Here are five unique facts about Lebanon you may not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
No desert exists in Lebanon. Lebanon is the only Asian Middle Eastern or African country that does not have a desert within its borders. There are, however, 17 rivers that originate from the mountains they originate from.
2
The country is a political enigma. Democracy has been the existing political system since 1926. It is the only Middle Eastern country that is not dictatorial. The current president is Michel Suleiman.
3
Lebanon has the highest per cent of Christians in population of all of the Middle East. It is said Jesus visited the region and performed his first miracle there; turning water into wine. Before the civil war in Lebanon, the Christian population was estimated to be about 70 percent. Today it is about 40 percent.
4
Byblos is not only the oldest inhabited city in the world but the first Latin alphabet was invented there by Cadmus. References to the early Phoenician alphabet are found in Egyptian glyphs dating to 1850 BC. The word 'Bible' is derived from this city.
5
The only remaining temple dedicated to Jupiter, the primary Roman deity is in Lebanon. Relics from Roman occupation, the pillars are the tallest Roman columns in the world. Found in modern day Baalgad, the city was originally known as Heliopolis.

The capital of Lebanon is Beirut. The currency of Lebanon is the Lebanese Pound(LBP) Flag of Lebanon


Lebanon belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with L

Airports in Lebanon
Beirut International Airport


Leaders of Lebanon
The Country dialling code of Lebanon is +961, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Lebanon is .lb
Map of Lebanon
Population
3,925,502
Languages spoken in Lebanon
Arabic
Animals native to Lebanon / which animals live in Lebanon?
Click here for all Animals in Lebanon

Airlines in Lebanon
Click here for all Airlines in Lebanon

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Lebanon
33 50 N, 35 50 E
Kilometers of coastline
225 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
10,230 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
170 square kilometers
Birth rate
18.08 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.1 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,040 sq km 