Liberia
Custom Search
Located just on the outer, western tip of Africa, and squeezed in between Guinea, Sierra Leone and Cote d'lvoire, rests the country that is known as Liberia. While Liberia, and most of Africa's countries alike, don't receive much acclaim for their beauty, or interest for their tourism; beneath the tattered perceptions of the modern world resides a calm and quiet, beautiful place that is almost a paradise. This place is Liberia.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Liberia's main export that they provide for the rest of the world is rubber. This is because their tribal communal land is filled with beautiful para rubber trees. The export could possibly be said that it is a staple for their economy and has been for quite some time.
2
Due to the modernization present here, the country of Liberia's average life expectancy among all of its population is 57, as of 2011. This is an expectancy that is only twenty years less than that of the United States of America's. The life expectancy for males in Liberia is around 55 years of age, and 58 for women.
3
The government of Liberia is much similar to the United States of America's government and is heavily modeled after it. Their government consists of a house of representatives, a senate as well as similar court systems that the United States has. Compared to other governments around the world, the government of Liberia is considered to be one of the least corrupt.
4
Beside Ethiopia, Liberia is one of the two modern sub-Saharan countries within the continent of Africa. This means that Liberia lies just beneath the Sahara and the majority of Africa is located within this sub-Sahara.
5
The climate of Liberia is mainly comprised of several different climate types, and these include equatorial, monsoon and tropical savanna climates. The equatorial climate, also known as the tropical rainforest climate, is mostly found around the equator of the earth. The areas within the monsoon climate are frequented with monsoons and heavy rains more than other parts of the earth. The tropical savanna regions are more of just a mix between a tropical rainforest and the savanna.

The capital of Liberia is Monrovia. The currency of Liberia is the Liberian Dollar(LRD) Flag of Liberia


Liberia is an African country


More countries starting with L

Airports in Liberia
Roberts International Airport


Leaders of Liberia
The Country dialling code of Liberia is +231, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Liberia is .lr
Map of Liberia
Population
3,195,931
Languages spoken in Liberia
English
Animals native to Liberia / which animals live in Liberia?
Click here for all Animals in Liberia



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Liberia
6 30 N, 9 30 W
Kilometers of coastline
579 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
96,320 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
15,050 square kilometers
Birth rate
43.75 / 1000 population
Death rate
22.24 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
30 sq km 