Libya
Custom Search
Bordered by the Mediterranean Sea, North Africa claims the fourth largest country in Africa, namely Libya. Libya has a long history of political unrest and very restricted freedoms of populations. Educational facilities have greatly increased over the last several years and education is free in Libya, being financed through the public budget. Nearly 100% of the religion of Libya is Islam.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Sahara Dessert covers over 80% of Libya. Thousands of years ago the Sahara Dessert was covered with wonderful green vegetation, including forests areas. There were numerous lakes and rivers that attracted much wildlife. Since this beautiful Mediterranean climate changed and the area became a dessert it has recorded some of the highest temperatures in the world, the highest being 136 degrees. This dessert area will only experience rain fall about every 5-10 years.
2
Libya has been a country of political unrest for hundreds of years and has been ruled by many notorious rulers who executed civilians for little reason. Libya's relationship to foreign countries is based on how much help they receive in the way of medical supplies, arms deals, and money. The countries who help them the most will receive better contracts on shipments of oil. This country has of late been given a freedom rating of a 'not free' country.
3
Libya was once one of the poorest countries in the world but their discovery of oil supplies has made them one of the richest countries.
4
Most of the populations of Libya reside along the Mediterranean coast line. Libya's land area is exceedingly large in comparison to its population. Due to almost all of Libya being dessert the country must import over 70% of its food. Water is not safe, but fresh water was discovered underground during oil excavations and will improve its fresh water source and agricultural programs. This fresh water excavation is called the Great Manmade River Project.
5
Pre-WW II, Libya was home to thousands of Jews, but with the advent of Jewish concentration camps, forced labor and execution, much of the Jewish population emigrated out of Libya after 1951.

The capital of Libya is Tripolis.
Libya is an African country


More countries starting with L

Airports in Libya
Ghat, Kufra, Benina, Sebha, Tripoli Inter-National Airport, and Ghadames


Leaders of Libya
The Country dialling code of Libya is +218, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Libya is .ly

List of oil fields in Libya (39)
Map of Libya
Population
6,036,914
Languages spoken in Libya
Arabic
Animals native to Libya / which animals live in Libya?
Click here for all Animals in Libya

Airlines in Libya
Click here for all Airlines in Libya

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Libya
25 00 N, 17 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,770 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,759,540 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
26.09 / 1000 population
Death rate
3.47 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
4,700 sq km 