Liechtenstein
Custom Search
As one of the second smallest continents on the globe, Liechtenstein is typically a German microstate. Locked between Switzerland and Austria, it covers an area of 160 square kilometers consisting of 35,000 inhabitants. Liechtenstein is so small that it imports over 90% of its energy needs. Liechtenstein is not a country in the news very often; however, they have plenty to offer, with their chief attraction possibly being the Alps. In addition, Liechtenstein has the highest GDP per capita anywhere in the world. Even though it is small, Liechtenstein has staggering mountain views, with Grauspitz being their tallest peak. Tourists come for the wonderful winter sports while staying in Vaduz, the capital city of Liechtenstein. Afterwards, they trek into the mountains for fun winter sports. Here are a few other facts about Liechtenstein:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Besides the country of Uzbekistan, Liechtenstein is the only country that is surrounded completely by other landlocked nations. The small area known as Liechtenstein is enclosed by Austria and Switzerland.
2
By disassembling their small army of 80 men, Liechtenstein is probably the first country in the industrialized world without a structured army.
3
Liechtenstein inhabitants have their favorite dishes as well. For breakfast, there is coffee and bread with a fruit spread. Zmittag, which means afternoon, is their main meal for the day. This meal is usually compromised of a main dish, salad, soup, and something sweet. Znacht, or their evening meal, consists of an open-faced sandwich with meat and cheese on top.
4
Sometime in 2003, the reigning prince Hans-Adam declared his displeasure with his current powers and threatened to exit the country. He triumphed, making Liechtenstein the only modern day country where the monarchy's power became greater than before. With his new power, the prince can veto laws and dismiss governments.
5
Even though Liechtenstein is surrounded by other countries, it has lenient banking regulations, which makes it an economic paradise that is known to be an 'offshore' tax haven.

The capital of Liechtenstein is Vaduz. The currency of Liechtenstein is the Swiss Franc(CHF) Flag of Liechtenstein


Liechtenstein belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with L


Leaders of Liechtenstein
The Country dialling code of Liechtenstein is +423, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Liechtenstein is .li
Map of Liechtenstein
Population
34,247
Languages spoken in Liechtenstein
German
Animals native to Liechtenstein / which animals live in Liechtenstein?
Click here for all Animals in Liechtenstein



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Liechtenstein
47 16 N, 9 32 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
160 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.02 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.3 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 