Lithuania
Custom Search
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The national bird of Lithuania is the stork. In a single year there may be as many as 15,000 pairs of the native white stork raising young within an area of 65,000 sq km. Experts estimate that there are as many as 50,000 storks in Lithuania, which is a considerable number given that the population of Lithuania itself is only 3,5 million!
2
The potato is a vital ingredient in Lithuanian cuisine. Although it was only brought to the country as late as the 17th century, since that time it has become a staple in traditional cooking. Potato is often served with sour cream and cracklings, but it also forms part of a traditional dish called cepelinai, which is a dumpling of grated potato shaped into an oval and stuffed with ground meat.
3
Lithuanians are traditionally highly superstitious, with many of the old myths and stories persisting to the present day. When visiting someone's home, it is common practice to bring a gift: this is usually a bottle of the country's traditional honey liquor ('krupikna'). It is customary for the host to pour the guest a shot of this liquor upon arrival and to toast them with 'oplia' or 'I sveikata', which means 'cheers!'.
4
Lithuanian people come from a mixed cultural heritage, being neither Germanic nor Slavic. Its union with Poland and previous colonizations by both the Russians and the Germans have profoundly impacted its cultural and religious practices. The majority of Lithuanians, as well as most ethnic poles, follow Roman Catholicism. The next largest denomination is Russian Orthodox. While Lithuania was part of the U.S.S.R., its official language was Russian; and today many people speak it as a second language. The Lithuanian language is distinct from other Slavic and Germanic tongues in the region.
5
The Lithuanian flag comprises three horizontal stripes of yellow, green and red. The red stripe symbolizes courage, love, and blood that has been spilled for the country; the yellow stripe stands for honor and generosity; and the green stripe for freedom, hope and life.

The capital of Lithuania is Vilnius. The currency of Lithuania is the Lithuanian Litas(LTL) Flag of Lithuania


Lithuania belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with L

Airports in Lithuania
Zaliasarkiai, Vlakiai, Vilnius East, Uzbiciai, Telsiai, Simkai, Silute, Siauliai, Siaulenai, Sakiai, Rokiskis, Raseiniai North-West, Rakauskai, Prienai, Piniava, Panevezys Southwest, Panevezys, Paliepiai, Palanga, Nida Northeast, Mosedis, Meskuiciai, Marijampole West, Luksiai, Lenciunai, Kyedarna, Kumpiai, Klaipeda East, Kedainiai, Kazlu Ruda, Kaunas, Kartena, Josvainiai, Jonava Southeast, Jonava East, Druskininkai, Darguziai, Alytus, and Vilnius


Leaders of Lithuania
The Country dialling code of Lithuania is +370, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Lithuania is .lt
Map of Lithuania
Population
3,575,439
Languages spoken in Lithuania
Lithuanian
Animals native to Lithuania / which animals live in Lithuania?
Click here for all Animals in Lithuania

Airlines in Lithuania
Click here for all Airlines in Lithuania

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Lithuania
56 00 N, 24 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
90 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
NA square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
NA square kilometers
Birth rate
8.87 / 1000 population
Death rate
11.05 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
70 sq km 