Macedonia
Custom Search
The small, beautiful country of Macedonia is located in Southeast Europe and has been a crossroad for commerce and communication for centuries. Its rich history and culture are products of centuries of Balkan, Mediterranean, and Turkish influences. The people's love for life, music and dance, along with their wonderful cuisine makes Macedonia an ideal place to visit any time of the year.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The capital city of Skopje has 2500 years of existence and a blended culture from the Romans, the Byzantines, the Ottomans and the Yugoslavians. The Stone Bridge across the River Vardar, which dates back to the 15th century, and the Ottoman era Old Bazaar are found here. Kale, the Skopje Fortress and highest point of the city, has been keeping a watchful eye over the city for centuries. It dates back to 4000 BC.
2
Lake Mavrovo and Lake Ohrid are two of the deepest and oldest lakes in all of Europe. Lake Mavrovo is a mountain lake that sometimes freezes in the winter but in the summer is an excellent location for boating and fishing for trout. It also has a half-submerged church in the middle of the lake!
3
Lake Ohrid is called Immortal Ohrid, a kingdom of light and water. It is so large and so deep that it appears to be a small sea. Ancient ruins are numerous. UNESCO has honored Ohrid with the official designation of World Inheritance.
4
There are thousands of sites and relics dating back over 3800 years. The Womb is a city named after Mary, the Mother of Jesus, and is dedicated to all mothers. The cobblestone streets and Turkish baths and mosques of the Old Bazaar mix the old with the new while keeping traditions such as goldsmiths, shoemakers, and copper smiths alive.
5
Macedonia also offers modern skylines, excellent accommodations, and excellent cuisines. The Balkan and Mediterranean influences as well as that of the Turks provide a variety of delicacies. The grilled beef kabobs and the traditional burek (a flaky sort of pie filled with ham, cheese, spinach and ground beef)are sure to please everyone.

The capital of Macedonia is Skopje. Flag of Macedonia


Macedonia belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with M


Leaders of Macedonia
The Country dialling code of Macedonia is +389, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Macedonia is .mk
Map of Macedonia
Population
2,055,915
Languages spoken in Macedonia
Animals native to Macedonia / which animals live in Macedonia?
Click here for all Animals in Macedonia

Airlines in Macedonia
Click here for all Airlines in Macedonia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Macedonia
41 50 N, 22 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
24,856 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
477 square kilometers
Birth rate
12.02 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.78 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
550 sq km 