Madagascar
Custom Search
The fascinating island country of Madagascar is a land of uniqueness and allure. The nation's distinct qualities and vibrant cultural communities add to the country's charm and appeal. It is located in the vast Indian Ocean just off the coast of the southern part of the African continent. Here are some other fascinating facts worth knowing about Madagascar:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Madagascar is the fourth largest island in the world. It occupies a total land mass of nearly 226,700 square miles, or roughly almost 587,000 square kilometers. Only the islands of Greenland, New Guinea and Borneo are considered to be larger in land area.
2
Most of the animal species living in Madagascar are unique to nation. The adorable black and white indri lemur can be found in the nation's rainforest, while the predatory fossa can be found lurking in the trees above for its next prey. Several different bird and insect species also roam the land.
3
Agricultural goods are a huge commodity in Madagascar. The island nation is the top exporter of vanilla in the world. Coffee, sugar and cotton are also among some of the country's leading exports. In addition to agricultural goods, shellfish and textiles additionally serve as examples of some of Madagascar's notable leading exports.
4
Madagascar is a special land of many languages. The top languages spoken are Malagasy and French, followed by English. Other lesser known languages and dialects, such as Maore and Comores Swahili, are also known to be spoken by the nation's people.
5
The climate of the country is considered to be subtropical. This means that most of Madagascar experiences a humid rainy season usually between November and April. Dry and cooler weather persists from the beginning of May through the end of October.

The capital of Madagascar is Antananarivo. The currency of Madagascar is the Malagasy Ariary(MGA) Flag of Madagascar


Madagascar is an African country


More countries starting with M

Airports in Madagascar
Tamatave, Ivato, Andrakaka, Antsirabe, Maintirano, Sainte-Marie Aerodrome, Morondava, Andapa, Antalaha, Analalava, Majunga, Fascene Nossi-Be, Besalampy, Sambava, Vohemar, Fort-Dauphin, Fianarantsoa, Farafangana, Mananjary, Morombe, Tulear, and Avaratra


Leaders of Madagascar
The Country dialling code of Madagascar is +261, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Madagascar is .mg
Map of Madagascar
Population
19,448,815
Languages spoken in Madagascar
French, Malagasy
Animals native to Madagascar / which animals live in Madagascar?
Click here for all Animals in Madagascar

Airlines in Madagascar
Click here for all Airlines in Madagascar

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Madagascar
20 00 S, 47 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
4,828 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
581,540 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
5,500 square kilometers
Birth rate
38.6 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.51 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
10,860 sq km 