Mali
Custom Search
The Republic of Mali is located in West Africa, mainly in the Sahara Desert. Mali has been a republic since September of 1960 and has a population of over 11 million. The capital of Mali is Bamako. The official language of Mali is French. Their religion is predominantly Islam. Here are five other things you may or may not know about Mali:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Ever heard of the saying 'all the way to Timbuktu' Timbuktu is located in Mali and is a UNESCO World Heritage site. This important, historic hub of Mali dates back to 1100 AD.
2
The central plateau of Mali is the home of the Dogon people, whose villages are rich with religion, art and enterprise. In addition, Mali is a diversified blend of cultures. A visit to these villages should not be passed up. One of the textiles they create is a mudcloth called bogolan. They also make indigo-dyed cloth, considered an esteemed clothing material. The Dogons and the Tauregs are referred to as the 'blue men of the desert' because they wear this indigo clothing.
3
The Great Mosque of Djenne, Mali is an amazing, complex, mud-brick constructed mosque with the distinction of being the world's largest such building. Djenne is also the sister city to Timbuktu. When the rainy season comes to Mali, some of the Mosques' sand melts away and has to be replaced by volunteers. The ancient Mosque is still suffering decline and needs roof and other repairs done but funds are not available for repairs.
4
In 2011, Malians elected Cisse Miriam Kaidama Sidibe as their first female Prime Minister. Mali has several well-known poets, bands and the internationally known duo Amadou et Miriam. Malian culture is rich in crafting, mask making, and creating jewelry from many various materials, especially gold and copper.
5
Mali is known for its salt mines. At one time, salt was so sought after that a pound of salt was traded for its same weight in gold. Mali is Africa's third greatest producer of gold with the larger mines being in Yatela, Sadiola, and Morila.

The capital of Mali is Bamako. The currency of Mali is the CFA Franc BCEAO †(XOF) Flag of Mali


Mali is an African country


More countries starting with M

Airports in Mali
Bamako - Senou, Gao, Koutiala, Kayes, Mopti, Nioro Du Sahel, Sikasso, Tombouctou, and Tessalit


Leaders of Mali
The Country dialling code of Mali is +223, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Mali is .ml
Map of Mali
Population
11,995,402
Languages spoken in Mali
French
Animals native to Mali / which animals live in Mali?
Click here for all Animals in Mali

Airlines in Mali
Click here for all Airlines in Mali

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Mali
17 00 N, 4 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1220000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
20,000 square kilometers
Birth rate
49.61 / 1000 population
Death rate
16.51 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
2,360 sq km 