Marshall Islands
Custom Search
The Marshall Islands is a nation composed of 5 islands and 29 atolls in the South Pacific. The Micronesian nation is a republic, having gained its independence in 1979, but has historically been ruled and influenced by many outside governments, including Spain, Germany, Japan, and the United States. These influences have left their imprint on the Marshallese culture, though indigenous culture still plays an important role. A beautiful tourist destination, the Marshall Islands provide an assortment of Pacific recreational activities, ranging from scuba diving to sun bathing. When travelling to this Micronesian paradise, there are some interesting facts you may want to know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Marshall Islands culture is centered on land. Land is a point of identification, and is passed down in a lineage through the mother. A tie to a specific piece of land includes a responsibility to the maintenance and use of the land.
2
Family relationships are extremely important, and highly celebrated by the Marshallese. Special family occasions are opportunities for the relatives to enjoy food and song, with birthdays being one of the most important events.
3
Tattoos are integral in Marshallese culture, and prior to outside influence of missionaries, all members of the culture were tattooed. Facial tattoos were reserved for the chiefs of the tribal people. The tattooing history is rich in symbolism and imagery.
4
There are a few small sources of industry and earning in the small nation. Agriculturally, coconuts, melons, and tomatoes are produced. The location in the Pacific makes fishing a worthwhile industry, as well. Additionally, the people create a variety of handcrafts.
5
The Marshall Islands were used as a testing location by the U.S. after World War II, particularly for the testing of nuclear weapons. In fact, one of the largest nuclear tests ever conducted took place in the Marshall Islands.

The capital of Marshall Islands is Uliga. The currency of Marshall Islands is the US Dollar(USD) Flag of Marshall Islands


Marshall Islands belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Marshall Islands
Bucholz Army Air Field, Dyess Army Air Field, Ine Airport, Jaluit Airport, Kili Airport, Maloelap Airport, Marshall Islands International Airport, Mejit Airport, Mili Airport, Namorik Airport, Tinak Airport, Utrik Airport, and Wotje Airport


Leaders of Marshall Islands
The Country dialling code of Marshall Islands is +692, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Marshall Islands is .mh
Map of Marshall Islands
Population
61,815
Languages spoken in Marshall Islands
English, Marshallese
Animals native to Marshall Islands / which animals live in Marshall Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Marshall Islands

Airlines in Marshall Islands
Click here for all Airlines in Marshall Islands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Marshall Islands
9 00 N, 168 00 E
Related micronations
EnenKio
Kilometers of coastline
370.4 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
181.3 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
11,673 square kilometers
Birth rate
32.37 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.66 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 