Martinique
Custom Search
Martinique is a country that is rich in fascinating history; with its roots woven deeply into the epic stories told of the early Caribbean. Some say thundering cannons and pirate's cries can still be heard during a quiet night on this seaside paradise. And the natural beauty this island is home to, captures the imagination like no other. Between the breathtaking landscape and pirate's lore; here's a short list of things you might not know about this incredible island.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Arawak were considered the earliest inhabitants of the island. While this indigenous people were considered very peaceful; they often had to defend themselves from neighboring islands trying to capture and enslave them. Caribs would eventually outnumber them and become the dominant population.
2
A popular man by the name of Christopher Columbus stumbled into this island around the turn of the 16th century. Initially Spain didn't have much use for the island. It was actually France that grew fond of the island as a producer of sugar cane; and claimed it as its own in 1635.
3
It was off the coast of Martinique in 1717, where the fearsome Blackbeard captured the La Concorde. Later becoming Blackbeard's flagship, it was also renamed the Queen Anne's Revenge.
4
Martinique used to have a capital city by the name of St. Pierre. This is because the city was completely wiped out by the tragic Mount Pelee volcano eruption in 1902. With an estimated 30k lives lost in the eruption, it was considered the Caribbean's worst natural disaster in history. The volcano still smolders today.
5
For a spell during the seven years war, the island was taken over by British rule. The British then gave the island back to the French in what is known as the Treaty of Amiens in 1802. Only an island of this beauty, could be desired by so many people.

The capital of Martinique is Fort-de-France. The currency of Martinique is the Euro(EUR)
Martinique belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Martinique
Martinique-Aimé-Césaire

The Country dialling code of Martinique is +596, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Martinique is .mq
Map of Martinique
Population
436,131
Languages spoken in Martinique
Animals native to Martinique / which animals live in Martinique?
Click here for all Animals in Martinique



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Martinique
14 40 N, 61 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
350 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,060 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
40 square kilometers
Birth rate
13.74 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.48 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
70 sq km 