Mayotte
Custom Search
Mayotte is an African country located in Southern Africa, North of Mozambique. It is actually an island whose people have chosen to live under the rule of the French, therefore having their culture influenced and almost similar to that of native French. It consists of small islets, whose people constitute the population in the area. There are several facts about Mayotte that people know while there are others that are very little known about. Here are 5 interesting facts about the island.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The diversity of vegetation is lacking in Mayotte with only a few tree species. The most dominant tree in the island is pine tree and few other species supported by the climate in the area.
2
Mayotte is rich in diversity of animal species, most of which are unique. There are also different species of birds, with the major three being White-eye, Sunbird and Drongo. Numerous turtles also add to the beauty of the island. There used to be three exclusive species of turtles in the island but two of them have become extinct, leaving the green turtle.
3
The climate is best described as tropical. There are only 2 noticeable seasons here, summer and winter. Summers are usually hot and humid and are experienced from November to the month of April while winters are usually very cold and dry. However, there are periods where rainfall and cyclones can be experienced.
4
There are several physical features which make the scenery beautiful. There are beautiful lowlands, highlands and plateaus. The highest upland is Benara, with an altitude of 660 meters above sea level while the lowest point is at the same level with the Indian Ocean. Mount Karthala on the Grande Comore gives a spectacular feel of the island.
5
Different people have settled on the island, leading to different religions and languages. Common religions are Islam and Christianity with majors in Roman Catholic and Sunni Muslim. The people speak French, Swahili, Bushi and Maore. Ensure that you are conversant with at least two of these languages to have an easy time there.

The capital of Mayotte is Mamoudzou. The currency of Mayotte is the Euro(EUR)
Mayotte is an African country


More countries starting with M

The Country dialling code of Mayotte is +262, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Mayotte is .yt
Map of Mayotte
Population
208,783
Languages spoken in Mayotte
Animals native to Mayotte / which animals live in Mayotte?
Click here for all Animals in Mayotte



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Mayotte
12 50 S, 45 10 E
Kilometers of coastline
185.2 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
374 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
40.35 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.53 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 