Mexico
Custom Search
Mexico has always fascinated the North with her rich but mysterious history, beautiful beaches, lush forests and jungles and the diversity of its people. Because Mexico is so near, folks in the United States think they know all there is to know about her. But of course, they don't. Here are five things you might not know about Mexico.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
There's a national museum of anthropology at the ruins of Teotihuac'n. These are ruins around in Mexico City and no one knows who built its pyramids, temples and palaces, or who even lived there. Bigger than the modern city of Rome, Teotihuac'n was one of the most powerful cities in Central America. Then, in 700 A.D., it was abandoned. No one knows why. Now there's an Anthropology museum on the site that sheds a bit of light on Teotihuac'n's secrets.
2
Monarch butterflies vacation in Mexico as well as humans. Every autumn millions and millions of monarch butterflies make their way down from Canada to the fir trees of Michoac'n. There are so many of them that they turn the trees orange and black from top to bottom and the visitor can hear the beating of their millions of pairs of wings. A monarch butterfly weighs next to nothing, but there can be so many on a tree that limbs break off.
3
The Cervantes Arts Festival is held in Guanajuato. This arts festival is the destination of many performing artists during the first three weeks in October. Some of them give spontaneous performances in the main square, while students dressed as 16th century troubadours stroll around singing and playing mandolins and guitars.
4
Sugar skulls! In honor of the Day of the Dead people commemorate their deceased loved ones by eating skulls made out of sugar and vegetable dye. El Dia de Los Muertos is celebrated in every town and cemetery in the country around the end of October.
5
JFK and Jackie Kennedy spent at least part of their honeymoon in Acapulco, in a pink house on a cliff overlooking the ocean. Jack allegedly caught a marlin.

The capital of Mexico is Mexico City. The currency of Mexico is the Mexican Peso(MXN) and the Mexican Unidad de Inversion (UDI)(MXV). Flag of Mexico


Mexico belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Mexico
Selenita, Rodeo, Tapachula International, Reynosa International, Nuevo Laredo West, Nuevo Laredo International, Matamoros International, General Francisco Javier Mina International, Chetumal International, Suchumpa, Zapopan, Torreon International, Licenciado Gustaavo Diaz Ordaz International, Don Miguel Hipalgo International, Chihuahua International, Acapulco - G. Alvarez, Aerop. Internacional Monterrey, N. L., Aguascalientes, Ags., Bahias De Huatulco, Cuernavaca, Mor., Ciudad Del Carmen, Culiacan, Sin., Ciudad Obregon, Campeche, Camp., Chichen-Itza, Ciudad Victoria Airport, Cozumel Civ - Mil, Durango Airport, Tepic, Nay., Guaymas International Airport, Hermosillo, Son., Colima, Saltillo, Coah., Ixtepec Ox, Lazaro Cardenas, Los Mochis Airport, Del Bajio - Leon, La Paz International Airport, Loreto, B. C. S., Merida - lic Manuel Crecencio, Morelia New, Minatitlan, Monclova, Coah., Mexico City - Licenci, Monterrey - Gen Maria, Mazatlan - G. Buelna, Oaxaca - Xoxocotlan, Poza Rica - Palizada, Puebla, Pue., Uruapan - Gen Rayon, Puerto Escondido, Queretaro, Qro., San Jose Del Cabo, San Luis Potosi, S. L. P., Tuxtla Gutierrez, Chis., Tijuana International Airport, Toluca - Jose Maria, Cancun International Airport, Villahermosa, Veracruz - Las Bajadas - General Heriberto Jara, Zacatecas Airport, Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo, Manzanillo International, Zapopan Military, Lencero, Aeropuerto MEX - terminal nacional, Aeropuerto MEX - terminal internacional, Flughafen Mexiko-City, and Manuel Crescencio Rejón International Airport


Leaders of Mexico
The Country dialling code of Mexico is +52, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Mexico is .mx
Map of Mexico
Population
108,700,891
Languages spoken in Mexico
Spanish
Animals native to Mexico / which animals live in Mexico?
Click here for all Animals in Mexico

Airlines in Mexico
Click here for all Airlines in Mexico

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Mexico
23 00 N, 102 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
9,330 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,923,040 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
49,510 square kilometers
Birth rate
20.36 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.76 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
63,200 sq km 