Micronesia, Federated States of
Custom Search
The Federated States of Micronesia are an island nation composed of 271 square miles located in Micronesia. The islands are about 1,802 miles north of Australia. The Federated States of Micronesia are composed of four states, Chuuk, Kosrae, Pohnpei and Yap.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Historians have noted that the first settlers into the Federated States of Micronesia may have settled there 4,000 years ago and may have traveled from Melanesia or islands such as Borneo and Malaysia.The people of the Federated States of Micronesia are fisherman and seafarers and continue to hone the art of canoeing only using the stars, waves and sea animals for navigating the ocean.
2
The first Europeans to visit the Federated States of Micronesia were the Portuguese and afterwards, were followed by other travelers from Spain, Germany and Japan. The Federated States of Micronesia was occupied by Germany, Japan and then part of a U.S. Trust Territory before gaining independence on May 10, 1979.
3
The Federated States of Micronesia do have a President but also have a free association with the United States written into their constitution. The Federated States of Micronesia maintains its livelihood based upon farming and fishing. It has no major industries and has a very small tourism industry.
4
The Federated States of Micronesia's farming products include tropical fruits, betel nut, tropical vegetables, black pepper, sweet potatoes, coconuts and bananas. The average temperature of the Federated States of Micronesia varies around the mid-to-upper 80s and they have two seasons, rainy and dry season.
5
The Federated States of Micronesia are prone to tsunamis and typhoons with the most violent approaching in the September through December months. The land in the Federated States of Micronesia is mostly undeveloped with few working roads, few cars and limited electricity available to the island populace.

The capital of Micronesia, Federated States of is Palikir.
Micronesia belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Micronesia, Federated States of
Yap International Airport, Kosrae Airport, Chuuk International Airport, Pohnpei International Airport, Tabithow, Ulithi Airport, Yap International Airport, Ponape Airport, Truck Airport, and Kosrae Airport


Leaders of Micronesia, Federated States of
The Country dialling code of Micronesia, Federated States of is +691, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Micronesia, Federated States of is .fm
Map of Micronesia, Federated States of
Population
107,862
Languages spoken in Micronesia, Federated States of
Animals native to Micronesia, Federated States of / which animals live in Micronesia, Federated States of?
Click here for all Animals in Micronesia, Federated States of



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Micronesia, Federated States of
6 55 N, 158 15 E
Kilometers of coastline
6,112 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
702 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
24.14 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.66 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 