Monaco
Custom Search
The Principality of Monaco is the second smallest country in the world. Since 1297, it is ruled by the House of Grimaldi. Its size is roughly equivalent of Central Park in New York City. A population of around 36,000 permanent inhabitants makes it one of the most densely populated countries in the world. The population seems to swell in peak season when thousands of overseas tourists are attracted to the glamorous reputation as gambling capital of Europe. Here are five interesting facts, which are bound to arouse curiosity in even the most demanding travelers.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The population of Monaco comprises mostly of wealthy overseas individuals who come here to enjoy the tax free benefits. These individuals are cautious of their safety. Therefore, they rely on a nation with the highest number of police officers per person. Interestingly, there is a police officer for every 60 individuals.
2
Famous as a gambling destination, there is only one prominent casino in the nation. The world famous Monte Carlo Casino is a gambling and entertainment complex offering games like BlackJack, Stud Poker, Craps, and Baccarat. Actually, access to citizens is restricted inside the Casino as Princess Caroline wanted a Casino that was built only for foreigners. Her motive was to protect citizens from moral corruption.
3
The country is host to one of the most prestigious motorcar racing, Monaco Grand Prix. It is one of the most demanding tracks of the Formula One as narrow roads and quick changes in elevation challenge drivers on every turn. The royal family takes a keen interest in the race affairs. Many Formula Once drivers have made Monaco their permanent home.
4
Monaco is not a member of the European Union, but its economy is closely linked with France. Therefore, it uses the same currency as France. Instead of a typical Euro coin, Monaco is authorized to make its own mint-coins named Monegasque franc. Accordingly, the official language is also French.
5
The government of Monaco is very protective of its tax legislations. When Council of Europe tried to implement its ruling on tax laws, Monaco did not participate in subsequent rounds planned in 2005 and 2007. This is perhaps one of the reasons that numerous celebrities who conduct their businesses outside Monaco prefer to live here.

The capital of Monaco is Monaco. The currency of Monaco is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Monaco


Monaco belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with M


Leaders of Monaco
The Country dialling code of Monaco is +377, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Monaco is .mc
Map of Monaco
Population
32,671
Languages spoken in Monaco
French
Animals native to Monaco / which animals live in Monaco?
Click here for all Animals in Monaco

Cruise operators from Monaco
Silversea Cruises



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Monaco
43 44 N, 7 24 E
Kilometers of coastline
4.1 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1.95 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.12 / 1000 population
Death rate
12.92 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 