Mongolia
Custom Search
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Great Wall of China is actually in Inner Mongolia. During the Manchu Dynasty Mongolia was divided into outer Mongolia and Inner Mongolia. The original walls were built as early as the fifth century BC. The parts of the Great Wall that we know today were built during the Ming Dynasty as a way to deter nomadic invasions. Unlike earlier fortifications, the newer sections were built with brick and stone.
2
Ulaanbaatar or Ulan Bator is the coldest capital city in the world. Ulayanbayatur literally translates to red hero. For nearly 140 years it served as a nomadic city. Finally settling in its present location in 1778. In modern times Ulan Bator has become a major hub for manufacturing.
3
The Genghis Khan statue in Ulan Bator is the largest equestrian statue in the world. The location coincides with several events in Mongolia's history. The most notable being the place where Genghis Khan supposedly found a golden whip. Even today people who find whips are supposed to be lucky. The design even allows for visitors to be able to climb inside and walk up to the head of the horse.
4
The Mongol messenger service set up by Genghis Khan in the thirteenth century may have influenced the American pony express. During the 13th century outpost were set up nearly a hundred and fifty miles apart. This was so messages could be delivered quickly on the battlefield. This system predates the American pony express by over 600 years.
5
Genghis Khan wasn't quite the barbarian that the western world makes him out to be. During his reign Khan had all important events and transactions recorded on paper. He even had an official Mongol language created. Also during his reign there were churches of almost every religion known. He kept the peace and severely punished those who didn't.

The capital of Mongolia is Ulan Bator. The currency of Mongolia is the Tugrik(MNT) Flag of Mongolia


Mongolia belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Mongolia
Ulan-Bator Chinggis Khan International Airport


Leaders of Mongolia
The Country dialling code of Mongolia is +976, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Mongolia is .mn
Map of Mongolia
Population
2,951,786
Languages spoken in Mongolia
Mongolian
Animals native to Mongolia / which animals live in Mongolia?
Click here for all Animals in Mongolia

Airlines in Mongolia
Click here for all Airlines in Mongolia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Mongolia
46 00 N, 105 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
square kilometers
Birth rate
21.07 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.21 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
840 sq km 