Montserrat
Custom Search
Montserrat is an island in the Caribbean's Lesser Antilles chain. This Leeward Island has a casual, laid back lifestyle that was severely disrupted by eruptions of the Soufri're Hills volcano in 1995 and 1997. In February 2005, a new airport that handles several daily flights was officially opened by Princess Anne at Gerald's on the northern tip of the island. A new capital and port facilities are being constructed at Little Bay to replace those lost when the capital of Plymouth had to be abandoned. Despite this volcanic activity, much of Montserrat remains green and fertile. The inhabitants of Montserrat are as welcoming of visitors as ever before.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The island was claimed for Spain by Christopher Columbus while on his second voyage in 1493. The island was named Santa Mar'a de Montserrat after the famous Catalonian Monastery. It was the British, however, who colonized the island significantly, mostly with Irish Catholics fleeing Oliver Cromwell.
2
Montserrat is nicknamed the 'Emerald Isle of the Caribbean' due to its lush, green countryside, the resemblance of its coast to that of Ireland and its inhabitant's Irish ancestry.
3
As with numerous Caribbean Islands, African slaves were imported to support the sugar and Sea Island Cotton plantations. The commemoration of the failed slave uprising that occurred on St. Patrick's Day 1768 has become a weeklong national holiday. The festivities celebrate the culture of Montserrat, through traditional costumes, dances, songs and food of the island. Montserrat abolished slavery in 1834.
4
Like countless isolated islands, Montserrat is home to various extremely rare flora and fauna. The National Trust of Montserrat, along with the Royal Botanic Gardens, has undertaken the job of conserving these national treasures. They have rescued saved several specimens of the endangered pribby and Montserrat orchid from the ravages of the recent volcanic activity. There are also efforts to protect the ten species of bats endemic to the coastal caves.
5
Visitors looking for something different from the typical Caribbean island vacation should take the opportunity to view the active Soufri're Hills volcano from the Jack Boy Hill viewing platform. .

The capital of Montserrat is Plymouth. The currency of Montserrat is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Montserrat


Montserrat belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with M

Airports in Montserrat
Blackburne Airport

The Country dialling code of Montserrat is +1 664, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Montserrat is .ms
Map of Montserrat
Population
9,538
Languages spoken in Montserrat
Animals native to Montserrat / which animals live in Montserrat?
Click here for all Animals in Montserrat



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Montserrat
16 45 N, 62 12 W
Kilometers of coastline
40 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
102 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.51 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.02 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 