Namibia
Custom Search
Namibia is the 34th largest country in the world. Yet, it is the second least populated in the world. The country is located on the southwest coast of Africa and is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean, Angola ,Zambia and South Africa. The country is led by a President who is elected to a five year term and the judicial and legislative branches.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The main economic sector of the Namibia economy is mining as the country is the fourth largest producer of uranium and a large producer of gem quality diamonds. It is in the process of becoming number one by 2015. Other important parts of the economy include the white dominated agriculture sector with a quick growth in wildlife conservatories, which plan to employ many of the country's nearly 50 percent unemployed residents. The third largest economic sector is manufacturing with the production of cement, beverage and food production.
2
Namibia has been named the fifth best tourist destination and the best value for money destination in the world. It has a long history of valuing the tourist industry starting with the establishment of its first national park, Etosha Pan, in 1907. Popular animals at Elosha Pan's 50 watering holes include African elephants, black rhinoceros, giraffes, black-faced impalas, pelicans and flamingos.
3
The largest city in Namibia is Windhoek which has 300,000 residents. The city is served by a major airport, highways and the railroad. Major tourist attractions in Windhoek include the National Museum, the Christ Church, the National Library of Namibia and the Supreme Court of Namibia's building.
4
Namibia has a large problem with HIV with one of the largest rates per capita in the world, leading to a life expectancy of just 49 years. HIV has impacted approximately 17 percent of the nation's children with the death of one parent. Malaria is also a large problem and helps to spread the HIV virus.
5
Fish River Canyon is the world's second largest canyon in the world. A popular activity is hiking the canyon 53 mile trail starting at Hobas. All hikers must have a medical certificate and hike with at least two other people older than 12. The hike is open only from May 1 to September 15 due to excessive summer temperatures.

The capital of Namibia is Windhoek. The currency of Namibia is the Namibia Dollar(NAD) and the Rand(ZAR). Flag of Namibia


Namibia is an African country


More countries starting with N

Airports in Namibia
M'pacha Aerodrome, Ruacana Airport, Lüderitz Aerodrome, J.G. Strijdom Lughawe, J.G.H. van der Wath Airport, Grootfontein, Rooikop Lughawe, Ondangwa, and Rundu


Leaders of Namibia
The Country dialling code of Namibia is +264, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Namibia is .na
Map of Namibia
Population
2,055,080
Languages spoken in Namibia
English
Animals native to Namibia / which animals live in Namibia?
Click here for all Animals in Namibia

Airlines in Namibia
Click here for all Airlines in Namibia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Namibia
22 00 S, 17 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,572 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
825,418 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
23.52 / 1000 population
Death rate
19.15 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
80 sq km 