Nauru
Custom Search
Nauru is known as pleasant island. It is a small island in the south of Pacific Ocean. Located just 26 miles from the equator, it has the perfect warm and tropical climates. There are few things that you may not know about the tiny island.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The island economy is mainly depended on the phosphate deposits. They do gain some revenue from selling fishing rights. There is little income from tourism because there are not a lot of things to see and do.
2
The life expectation is 65 years. Unhealthy conditions are to blame for the many health issues. For their water supply, they dependent on rain water that is collected from tanks on the rooftops of houses and reverse osmosis desalination from plants. Nauru has the most obese people in the world. Nauruan diets once included fish, vegetable and coconut but they are forced to rely on imported food that is high in fat and sugar.
3
The climate change is causing the sea level to rise. The rain forest once covered the island but it scarred the land forcing most of the population to live in the low lying areas on the perimeter of the island.
4
Male homosexual acts are illegal. Public display of affection with a male and male couple may offend Naurans. If found guilt of male homosexuality, you can be sent to prison for up to 14 years of hard labor.
5
Catching Noddy Terns is a traditional activity. The men stand on the beach and throw lassos at birds. The lasso is thrown in the air as a bird flies close. It then hits or drapes over the bird bringing it to the ground. The Noddy is then prepared to be eaten.

The capital of Nauru is Yaren. The currency of Nauru is the Australian Dollar(AUD) Flag of Nauru


Nauru belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N


Leaders of Nauru
The Country dialling code of Nauru is +674, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Nauru is .nr
Map of Nauru
Population
13,528
Languages spoken in Nauru
English, Nauruan
Animals native to Nauru / which animals live in Nauru?
Click here for all Animals in Nauru

Airlines in Nauru
Click here for all Airlines in Nauru

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Nauru
0 32 S, 166 55 E
Kilometers of coastline
30 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
21 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
24.47 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.65 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 