Nepal
Custom Search
Nepal is a landlocked country located in south Asia between the countries of India and China. Although Nepal shares a border with China, most of that border is mountinous and strong ties with China have never been formed. Because of the rough and mountinous terrain Nepal remains isolated from the world's major land, air and sea transport routes, contributing to the poor status of the country. Agriculture is by far the largest industry in Nepal, although it does have great potential for tourism. 2011 was declared Nepal Tourism Year officially on January 14, 2011. The year long tourism celebration was anticipated to bring over 1 million tourists to Nepal as well as promoting and improving Nepal tourism moving forward.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Nepal is home to the highest location on earth. Mt. Everest is located on the border of Nepal and Tibet and is estimated at 8850m above sea level and growing! Mt. Everest grows by approimentaly 4mm per year.
2
Nepal is one of the poorest and least developed countries in the world with about half its citizens living below the poverty level.. Roughly 80% of Nepal's population depends on agriculture for survival and the average yearly salary is About $1100 (2008 figure).
3
Nepal is the only Hindu country in the world, with 90% of the population being Hindu. Even though Nepal is associated with Buddhism in most peoples minds Buddhists account for just 5% of the population. That being said, Nepalese have embraced both Hinduism and Buddhism and frequently worship in both fashions.
4
Kathmandu is the largest city in Nepal as well as being the capital and has a population of just under 1 million people. This is a fairly small number considering the total population of Nepal is over 26 million people and much of the country is uninhabitable due to the mountinous ranges to the north.
5
There are over 100 recognized languages spoken in Nepal, with Nepali being the most common at 60%. Although Nepal is located in South Asia, the Nepali language has its roots in Indo-Aryan languages, which are related to European languages.

The capital of Nepal is Kathmandu. The currency of Nepal is the Nepalese Rupee(NPR) Flag of Nepal


Nepal belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in Nepal
Tribhuwan Airport, Katmandu International, Bhairahawa, Pokhara Airport, Simra Airport, Surkhet, Taplejung, Biratnagar Airport, Jumla, and Manang Airport


Leaders of Nepal
The Country dialling code of Nepal is +977, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Nepal is .np
Map of Nepal
Population
28,901,790
Languages spoken in Nepal
Nepali
Animals native to Nepal / which animals live in Nepal?
Click here for all Animals in Nepal

Airlines in Nepal
Click here for all Airlines in Nepal

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Nepal
28 00 N, 84 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
143,181 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
4,000 square kilometers
Birth rate
30.46 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.14 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
11,700 sq km 