Netherlands

The Netherlands is located in Europe. The capital of the Netherlands is Amsterdam, which is one of the most visited cities in the entire world. Below are a few facts about the Netherlands that people may or may not know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Netherlands actually means low country in Dutch. It describes the country perfectly because half of the Netherlands' surface is less than about 3 feet above sea level. The highest point of the Netherlands is a little over 1,000 feet above sea level.
2
Many people do not know that Gin was created in the Netherlands. Gin was originally used as medicine during the late 16th century.
3
A known fact is that prostitution is legal in the Netherlands, as long as the workers are 18 and over. However, a lesser known fact is that clients have to be at least 16 years old or older. The Netherlands is very lenient when it comes to prostitution and most of the activity takes place in the capital of the Netherlands.
4
The Netherlands is actually one of the world's top producers of Tulips. The country is also one of world's first exporters of Tulips. Tulips first became very popular in the Netherlands in the 17th century. Many people come to the Netherlands to admire the many types of flowers that are found there, as well as admire the many Tulips that cam be found within the Netherlands.
5
Not many people know this but the Netherlands is one of the wealthiest countries in the world. At one point in time the Netherlands had the highest GDP per capita. As of now, the Netherlands has around the 4th highest GDP per capita, but within the European Union.

The capital of Netherlands is Amsterdam. The currency of Netherlands is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Netherlands


Netherlands belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in Netherlands
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, Maastricht Airport Zuid Limburg, De Bilt, Eindhoven, Groningen Airport Eelde, Gilze-Rijen, De Kooy, Lelystad, Leeuwarden, Rotterdam Airport Zestienhoven, Twenthe, Valkenburg, Volkel, Woensdrecht, and Soesterberg


Leaders of Netherlands
The Country dialling code of Netherlands is +31, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Netherlands is .nl

List of oil fields in Netherlands (3)
Map of Netherlands
Population
16,570,613
Languages spoken in Netherlands
Dutch, Frisian
Car brands from Netherlands
DAF, Spyker, Vandenbrink, and Volvo

Animals native to Netherlands / which animals live in Netherlands?
Click here for all Animals in Netherlands

Airlines in Netherlands
Click here for all Airlines in Netherlands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Netherlands
52 30 N, 5 45 E
Kilometers of coastline
451 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
33,883 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
7,643 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.7 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.69 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
5,650 sq km 