New Caledonia
Custom Search
New Caledonia is an island that lies in the Southwest Pacific Ocean, about 950 miles from Australia. New Caledonia is basically under French rule, and is working towards their independence in the next few years, and will be considered an independent territory. They have already been working on their independence using its own country anthem, and motto. Banknotes are being redesigned. This country has adopted the Kanak flag which flies along side the French flag, making this the only country that flies two official flags. Official languages are of the French language, and the Kanak language that makes up the majority of populace.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
New Caledonia has their own Armed Forces made up of the Army, Marines, Navy and Air Force.
2
Climate is tropical, with weather risks for cyclones, effects of El Nino and tropical depressions. There are just over 75,000 tourists per year, so this island does not have nearly the amount of visitors that other islands see. France supports the island in economy with about 25% per year.
3
While humans are great tool makers, New Caledonia is home to the New Caledonia Crow, a super intelligent tropical bird that is known for its superior tool making abilities to solve problems. No other creature on earth has this ability except for the human.
4
Wood crafting and basket weaving are part of the Caledonian culture. Agriculture is almost non-existent, and most food sources must be imported. This island does excel in the production of yams, coconuts, plantains and taro. They are able to mass produce these items and are considered one of largest producers in the world.
5
Football is popular in New Caledonia. The people also enjoy horse racing. The women of the island have women's cricket teams. The men have Rugby teams. The Caledonians have swimming teams and they have excelled much in this sport at home, now they travel abroad. This island will host the Oceania in 2012.

The capital of New Caledonia is Nouméa. The currency of New Caledonia is the CFP Franc(XPF)
New Caledonia belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in New Caledonia
Moue Ile Des Pins, Koumac Nlle-Caledonie, Ouanaham Ile Lifou, La Roche Ile Mare, Ouloup Ile Ouvea, and La Tontouta Nlle-Caledonie

The Country dialling code of New Caledonia is +687, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of New Caledonia is .nc
Map of New Caledonia
Population
221,943
Languages spoken in New Caledonia
Animals native to New Caledonia / which animals live in New Caledonia?
Click here for all Animals in New Caledonia



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of New Caledonia
21 30 S, 165 30 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,254 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
18,575 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
485 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.75 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.72 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
100 sq km 