New Zealand

New Zealand was the breath taking back drop to The Lord of the Rings Trilogy. The landscape of this majestic country symbolizes great adventure. The allure of this land down under is apparent but there are a few hidden treasures you may not be aware of.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Can't decide whether to pick a beach getaway, visit a rain forest, climb a mountain or heat it up near a volcano, New Zealand will give you all that and more. New Zealand is four different destinations in one. You can actually drive and in a matter of a few hours experience these different climates throughout the country. Start out in a desert and end up near a snow covered volcano the journey is up to you.
2
There are more sheep than people. New Zealand is populated by about 4 million people matched by about 40 million sheep. Sheep are a huge part of their culture, so much so you will even find mutton on most menu's around the country.
3
Speaking of restaurants don't worry about what you should tip your waitress. The servers do not expect a tip and in rare cases certain establishments will just add it on automatically to your bill.
4
Have you ever wondered what it might feel like to be a hamster in one of those round balls, well zorbing is for you. Zorbing was invented in New Zealand and many find it thrilling. You jump in head first into this giant rubber ball and are rolled down a hill. Definitely one to add to your bucket list.
5
The South Island in New Zealand has a celebration of chocolate that lasts for one week in July. One activity takes place on Baldwin street the steepest street in the world. Twenty five thousand pieces of chocolate are rolled down the pavement as onlookers cheer.

The capital of New Zealand is Wellington. The currency of New Zealand is the New Zealand Dollar(NZD)
New Zealand belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in New Zealand
Nelson Airport, Tauranga Airport, Whangarei Airport, Hollyford Airstrip, Te Anau Aerodrome, Manapouri Aerodrome, Invercargill Airport, Queenstown Airport, Pukaki Aerodrome, Wardell Airstrip, Dunedin Airport, Taieri Aerodrome, Richard Pearse Airport, Waimate Aerodrome, Oamaru Airport, Nemona Airstrip, Mawhera Airstrip, Mount Hutt Methven Airfield, Lake Station Aerodrome, Christchurch International Airport, Wigram Aerodrome, New Plymouth Airport, Hawera Aerodrome, Wanganui Airport, Ohakea Aerodrome, Paraparaumu Aerodrome, Karioi Aerodrome, Waiouru Airfield, Taonui Aerodrome, Palmerston North Airport, Kaitaia Aerodrome, Bay of Islands Airport, Kaikohe Aerodrome, Auckland International Airport, Taumarunui Aerodrome, Whitianga Airfield, Te Aroha Aerodrome, Matamata Aerodrome, Taupo Airport, Whakatane Airport, Opotiki Aerodrome, Gisborne Airport, Hamilton Airport, Hood Aerodrome, Rotorua Airport, Motueka Aerodrome, Omaka Aerodrome, Kaipara Flats Airfield, Wellington International Airport, Hawke's Bay Airport, Claris Aerodrome, Wanaka Aerodrome, Wairoa Aerodrome, Lake Tekapo Aerodrome, Chatham Island, Hokitika Aerodrome, Kaikoura, Invercargill Aerodrome, Whenuapai, Christmas - Cassidy, Alexandra, Westport, and Aoraki - Mount Cook Airport


Leaders of New Zealand
The Country dialling code of New Zealand is +64, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of New Zealand is .nz
Map of New Zealand
Population
4,115,771
Languages spoken in New Zealand
English, Maori, New Zealand Sign Language, Niuean, Tokelauan
Animals native to New Zealand / which animals live in New Zealand?
Click here for all Animals in New Zealand

Airlines in New Zealand
Click here for all Airlines in New Zealand

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of New Zealand
41 00 S, 174 00 E
Related micronations
Aerican Empire
Aramoana
Kilometers of coastline
15,134 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
268,021 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
NA square kilometers
Birth rate
13.61 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.54 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
2,850 sq km 