Nicaragua
Custom Search
Compared to other countries in Latin America, Nicaragua is still in the beginning phase of its tourist industry. This is the result of having spent much of the last three decades embroiled in a violent civil war. The country, however, does have a variety of unique things to see. These include its volcanoes and remote, largely unexplored islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The city of Granada, also the oldest city in Nicaragua, is a few miles away from Managua, the nation's capital, and has colonial Spanish architecture that may be of interest to some sightseers. Those who are interested in old buildings may want to bring their cameras along and do some exploring. The city has six churches, an 18th century fort and a museum displaying ceramic artifacts from before the arrival of Christopher Columbus.
2
The volcanoes on Isla Ometepe are spectacular and largely unknown to most people outside of Nicaragua. Those interested in outdoor activities and exploration should find these extremely interesting, especially since there are two volcanoes on the island.
3
There is also Reservo Chacho Verde, also on Isla Ometepe, which is a nature reserve wherein the visitor to Nicaragua can explore and partake in such activities as kayaking, swimming and hiking. Apart from providing some of the best views of the Concepcion volcano, Chaco Verde also has beaches with volcanic sand. There are also organic farms and cabins on the reserve that may be rented.
4
For those who are interested in the local wildlife, the indigenous animals that may be seen include armadillos, sloths, jaguars and anteaters.
5
Apart from a problem with petty crime, the major dangers to the traveler to the country will come in the form of the potential for illness. Illnesses that can affect visitors include typhoid, hepatitis, and malaria. As with most major urban areas in the world (and especially in the Third World), it is best not to walk alone in Managua at night. Visitors should also get booster shots and vaccines to keep them from getting sick while on vacation in Nicaragua.

The capital of Nicaragua is Managua. The currency of Nicaragua is the Cordoba Oro(NIO) Flag of Nicaragua


Nicaragua belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in Nicaragua
Bluefields, Managua A. C. Sandino, Puerto Cabezas, and Aeropuerto Internacional de Managua


Leaders of Nicaragua
The Country dialling code of Nicaragua is +505, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Nicaragua is .ni
Map of Nicaragua
Population
5,675,356
Languages spoken in Nicaragua
Spanish
Animals native to Nicaragua / which animals live in Nicaragua?
Click here for all Animals in Nicaragua



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Nicaragua
13 00 N, 85 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
910 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
120,254 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
9,240 square kilometers
Birth rate
24.12 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.42 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
610 sq km 