Niue
Custom Search
There are many places of interest in our world, of which some people have heard little about, and there are other beautiful, exotic places that many did not know even existed. Niue is an island situated in the South Pacific Ocean, and about 40 miles around, with a large coral reef surrounding the island, except at Alfoi, the capital of Niue, where there is about a 6 mile opening to the island. This island is company to other islands in close proximity, such as, Tonga, Cook Islands and the Samos. New Zealand services all of Niue's diplomatic relations, and Queen Elizabeth II serves as Head of State.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Niue has become the world's first free WiFi country, with Apple being introduced to this country in the early 1980's. Each student has their own laptop computer, furnished by a project, One Laptop per Child.
2
Fishing, agriculture and tourisms lend to the economy of Niue. Most families grow their own fruits and vegetables to use, and sell in the market place. Exports include a wide variety of bananas, tapioca, yams, kumaros, copra, passion fruit, limes, vanilla, noni and taro. Island populations are migrating to New Zealand, so the island population continues to decrease. Grants from New Zealand, continues to pay public employees their wages.
3
Religious affiliations include, Congregationalist, Latter Day Saints, Catholics, Bahai, and Jehovah's Witnesses. English is mostly spoken with a New Zealand accent and the Niuean language is slowly decreasing.
4
Niue is a sports country with both men and women being involved in Rugby teams. The women are involved in Netball. Teams for Football, soccer, and lawn bowling have been organized. The island has a nine hole golf course, with this sport also increasing in popularity.
5
New Zealand is trying to increase the tourist industry, with Air New Zealand being the only air company to Niue. There is no public transportation so renting a vehicle or bicycle is a tourist must.

The capital of Niue is Alofi. The currency of Niue is the New Zealand Dollar(NZD) Flag of Niue


Niue belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N

The Country dialling code of Niue is +683, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Niue is .nu
Map of Niue
Population
1,492
Languages spoken in Niue
Animals native to Niue / which animals live in Niue?
Click here for all Animals in Niue



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Niue
19 02 S, 169 52 W
Kilometers of coastline
64 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
260 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 