Norfolk Island
Custom Search
Norfolk Island is a three by five mile slice of heaven located in the South Pacific, on volcanic rock. When you step onto Norfolk Island, you take a step back in time, to a place where you can just lay back and relax, leave all your cares and troubles on the mainland and enjoy the unspoiled beauty of this island. Norfolk Island is easily accessible from Australia or New Zealand by taking a short flight directly across to the island. A holiday spent here lets you reconnect with yourself and those around you and brings you into the peace and lush surroundings of the island.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
There is not even one traffic light; Norfolk Island is a getaway of peace and serenity, where you dine on fresh fish from the ocean and fresh vegetables grown there on the island.
2
Many of the buildings were built by convicts in the late 1700's and these elegant Georgian buildings are still in use in the Kingston area and in the Arthur Vale Historic Area, (KAVHA) which is now World Heritage. These buildings are listed as a part of the Australia Convict Sites Inscription today.
3
There is much to do on Norfolk Island including Seaside Golf Course, which is a beautiful nine hole golf course right on the ocean, horseback riding, sea kayaking, shopping, tennis, scuba diving, target shooting and wind surfing.
4
The history of Norfolk Island is brutal. England took over the island in the 1800's and established two penal colonies. The last one was absolutely violent, but the inhabitants who also lived here took complete control of the fertile island and the Pitcaim culture was established and still maintains the island today. People come from all over the world to experience this unique way of life.
5
There is plenty of food and entertainment on the island with 20 restaurants, six night clubs, and many of the hotels have restaurants inside or on the deck.

The capital of Norfolk Island is Kingston. The currency of Norfolk Island is the Australian Dollar(AUD)
Norfolk Island belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N

The Country dialling code of Norfolk Island is +672, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Norfolk Island is .nf
Map of Norfolk Island
Population
2,114
Languages spoken in Norfolk Island
Animals native to Norfolk Island / which animals live in Norfolk Island?
Click here for all Animals in Norfolk Island



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Norfolk Island
29 02 S, 167 57 E
Kilometers of coastline
32 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
34.6 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 