Korea, North
Custom Search
North Korea is one of the world's most isolated countries. The people of North Korea, who are so loyal to dictatorship, that they believed their weather conditions were controlled by the mood of former leader; Kim Jung Il. Considered the most secretive country on the planet, North Korea is friend to Russia and has an active nuclear weapons program with approximately eight weapons among their arsenal.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
North Korea's official long form name is the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, abbreviated; DPRK, and short form of North Korea. However, locally the official name is Choson-minjujuui-inmin-konghwaguk and the respective short form local is Choson. Its governmental structure is communist and under a one-leader dictatorship.
2
North Korea established independence from Japan on August 15, 1945. It went into a three-year war with South Korean, known as the Korean War, from 1950 to 1953. And although there has been a near peaceful existence until 2010, they are still officially at war since neither side agreed to, or signed, a peace agreement.
3
Although the country has freedom of speech, it doesn't allow it and criticizing the government in media is prohibited. There are no radio or television stations independent of government rule and all media outlets are pre-tuned stations operated by the government. The government does not allow the airing of foreign stations scrambles them to ensure it.
4
North Korea is said to have the fifth largest military force in the world with an active duty force of up to 1,2 million, making up one-fifth of North Korean men ages 17-54. The south has 680,000 active service men and the 2,5 mile border that separates the north and south is occupied by approximately 2,5 million military personnel combined of Pyongyang, Seoul, and foreign military including the U.S.
5
The people named its founder, Kim Il-sung, the 'Eternal President.' Because of this Kim Jung Il was never officially the president, but settled on the title; General Secretary of the Workers' Party. His youngest son, Kim Jong Un, is his successor after his death. Il was held by the people as 'Dear Leader.'

The capital of Korea, North is Pyongyang.
North Korea belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with K

Airports in Korea, North
Onchon, Kwail, Unchon Up, Ihyon, P'yongyang-gukchegonghang, Pukch'angni-bihaengjang, and Pyongyang


Leaders of Korea, North
The Country dialling code of Korea, North is +850, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Korea, North is .kp
Map of Korea, North
Population
23,301,725
Languages spoken in Korea, North
Korean
Animals native to Korea, North / which animals live in Korea, North?
Click here for all Animals in Korea, North



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Korea, North
40 00 N, 127 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,495 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
120,410 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
130 square kilometers
Birth rate
15.06 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.21 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
14,600 sq km 