
Northern Mariana Islands
Custom Search
The Northern Mariana Islands are located between Hawaii and the Philippines comprising of fourteen islands. They are along the Mariana Trench, which is the deepest area on earth at 35,810 feet. The Islands have some interesting things you might like to know about.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The people living there are U.S. citizens. The government is a commonwealth who is politically united to the United States. They are a self-governing people. The majority of the people are of Asian or Pacific Islander descent, with the main religion on the island being Roman Catholic.
2
They have some fine tourist attractions. Tinian hosts The Tinian Dynasty, a luxurious stay including a casino, extravagant pools and top food choices. It is a haven in a most unexpected place full of play. This is also the historical spot where the U.S. bombers left to bomb Japan. Rota is another small, friendly island with pristine and little known beaches.
3
The island of Managaha has fine snorkeling. Situated with an intouched beach it is teeming with abundant marine life and coral reefs. The Triana Trench creates a view of blue and green waters specific to this little spot on earth, with unrivaled beauty.
4
You can sink to the bottom of the lagoon in a Submarine when you visit Saipan. This submarine is a surprise with velvet seats, air conditioning and wonderful portholes to view the awesome sea life as well as sunken WW2 planes, boats, props and jeeps. It is an unreal experiencing this underworld.
5
The Northern Mariana Islands has the lowest death rate in the world. 2 . 229/1000 says something about this little paradise. Living daily on the islands just might lengthen your life. One area that probably contributes to this is the small island of Rota where day to day living is a friendly and calm experience.

The capital of Northern Mariana Islands is Saipan. The currency of Northern Mariana Islands is the US Dollar(USD)
Northern Mariana Islands belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in Northern Mariana Islands
Kagman Field historical, Kobler Field historical, North Field, North Field historical, Rota Airport, Saipan International Airport, Tinian Airport, and West Field

The Country dialling code of Northern Mariana Islands is +1 670, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Northern Mariana Islands is .mp
Map of Northern Mariana Islands
Population
84,546
Languages spoken in Northern Mariana Islands
Animals native to Northern Mariana Islands / which animals live in Northern Mariana Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Northern Mariana Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Northern Mariana Islands
15 12 N, 145 45 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,482 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
477 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
19.27 / 1000 population
Death rate
2.29 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km
