Norway

There are many interesting things about Norway as well as the history of Norway. Norway is one of the countries where the terrifying vikings came from. It is also a country with breaktaking views that would appease any tourist, so if you're planning a trip to Norway, good choice.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Despite being the country where the vikings came from. Norway has been given the honor of being considered to be the most peaceful country in the entire world. This was determined by a survey that was done by the Global Peace index in 2007.
2
Norwegians also read more books than any other population in world. If you want to get into an intellectual conversation, going to Norway and speaking with some of the Norwegians is probably one of the best ways to do it. They are considered to be a very intelligent people.
3
During the middle of the 14th century, Norway had over one-third of its population killed off by the black plague that ravaged most of europe. Norway is believed to mean the path of the north.
4
Norway is considered to be one of the richest countries in the world. The reason for this is that Norwegians know what it means to work hard, and what is interesting is that they also understand that it is equally important to play just as hard. Norwegians are very active when it comes to recreation and getting exercise on a daily basis.
5
Norway is a part of the region that is considered Scandinavia. Scandinavian countries are: Norway, Sweden and Denmark. These three countries are where the vikings originated. Throughout ancient history, they were famous for raiding and pillaging countries throughout Europe. The vikings of that time have often been compared by historians to the terrorists of this age.

The capital of Norway is Oslo. The currency of Norway is the Norwegian Krone(NOK) Flag of Norway


Norway belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with N

Airports in Norway
Kirkenes, Haslemoen, Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, Eggemoen, Andøya, Alesund - Vigra, Ny-Alesund Ii, Alta Lufthavn, Bjornoya, Forde - Bringeland, Voss-Bo, Bronnoysund - Bronnoy, Bodo Vi, Bergen - Flesland, Batsfjord, Berlevag, Kristiansand - Kjevik, Dagali, Draugen, Bardufoss, Evenes, Oslo - Fornebu, Fagernes Leirin, Floro, Frigg, Gullfax Platform, Haugesund - Karmoy, Heidrun, Hammerfest, Hasvik, Honningsvag - Valan, Jan Mayen, Kristiansund - Kvernberget, Lista Flyplass, Leknes, Mehamn, Molde - Aro, Mosjoen Kjaerstad, Banak, Narvik Iii, Namsos Lufthavn, Notodden, Oseberg, Orland Iii, Orsta-Volda - Hovden, Mo I Rana - Rossvoll, Rorvik - Ryum, Roros Lufthavn, Rost Flyplass, Rygge, Svalbard Lufthavn, Sandane - Anda, Sogndal - Haukåsen, Svolvaer - Helle, Storkmarknes - Skagen, Skien-Geiteryggen, Stord - Soerstokken, Sorkjosen, Svartnes, Sandnessjoen - Stokka, Tromso - Langnes, Torp, Trondheim - Vaernes, Vadso, and Stavanger - Sola


Leaders of Norway
List of seas in Norway
Landmeen

The Country dialling code of Norway is +47, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Norway is .no

List of oil fields in Norway (8)
Map of Norway
Population
4,627,926
Languages spoken in Norway
Norwegian, Sami
Animals native to Norway / which animals live in Norway?
Click here for all Animals in Norway

Airlines in Norway
Click here for all Airlines in Norway

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Norway
62 00 N, 10 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
25,148 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
307,442 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
16,360 square kilometers
Birth rate
11.27 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.37 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,270 sq km 