Pakistan
Custom Search
The country of Pakistan is usually associated with Muslim religion since Islam is its state religion. They are the second largest Muslim population next to Indonesia. It was formerly under British colonization just like other developing countries. Pakistan won independence during the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Then, from civilian ruling, they become a democratic parliamentary government. This country has a rich diverse history of ancient cultures like the bronze era Indus Valley Civilization and Neolithic Mehrgarh. Not to mention, they are ethnically and linguistically diverse too. But despite being diverse, would you believe that Pakistan is one of the fastest developing countries. They were among the 'Next Eleven' countries that have big potential of becoming the world's largest economies in the 21st century. Here are 5 things you might not know about Pakistan and by reading you would say that they're on their way to greatness:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Pakistan has the seventh largest standing armed forces in the world and they join among those large countries who own nuclear weapons. Their military force includes not only the military, navy and marine, but also paramilitary groups. Luckily, they are a member of United Nations and they are among those countries who abhor terrorism.
2
Pakistan is a nature-friendly nation. Being on the path for migratory birds, large birds like falcons, eagles and other wild animals, hunting for fur and leather trading was also prominent on the country. This led to new law that forbids hunting of wild animals and birds.
3
The country's economy has agriculture as its backbone. They are known as one of the largest producer of natural commodities and labor.
4
Bright minds can also be found in Pakistan. They produce world-class mathematicians like Asghar Qadir and Raziuddin Siddiqui whose research played an important advancement in mathematical physics. The first Pakistani mathematician to give another theoretical proof of Fermat's Last Theorem in 2008 was Munir Ahmad Rashid.
5
In a lighter note, you may have tried drinking Nai Cha and loved it. The Pakistani also enjoyed black tea with milk and sugar and it is a very popular drink, most of the population drinks it daily. They call it Doodh Pati Chai. But do you know they don't produce tea' They import it mostly from Kenya.

The capital of Pakistan is Islamabad. The currency of Pakistan is the Pakistan Rupee(PKR) Flag of Pakistan


Pakistan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Pakistan
Lahore Airfield, Turbat New Airport, Dera Ismail Khan, Jacobabad, Jiwani, Karachi Airport, Hyderabad Airport, Mianwali, Multan, Nawabshah, Panjgur, Peshawar, Quetta Airport, Islamabad Airport, Risalpur, Sibi, Sukkur, Sargodha, Lahore City, Gilgit Airport, Benazir Bhutto International Airport, and Quaid-i-Azam International Airport


Leaders of Pakistan
The Country dialling code of Pakistan is +92, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Pakistan is .pk

List of oil fields in Pakistan (4)
Map of Pakistan
Population
164,741,924
Languages spoken in Pakistan
English, Urdu
Animals native to Pakistan / which animals live in Pakistan?
Click here for all Animals in Pakistan

Airlines in Pakistan
Click here for all Airlines in Pakistan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Pakistan
30 00 N, 70 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,046 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
778,720 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
25,220 square kilometers
Birth rate
27.52 / 1000 population
Death rate
8 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
182,300 sq km 