
Papua New Guinea
Custom Search
Situated in the southwestern region of the Pacific Ocean, Papua New Guinea is located on the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and includes a number of smaller islands off the nation's eastern coast. Formerly governed by Australia, this island chain gained its independence in 1975 and is officially known as the Independent State of Papua. The majority of the six million people who call Papua New Guinea home live in small, rural communities scattered throughout the mainland and islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Papua New Guinea shares the island of New Guinea with the Republic of Indonesia. The island itself is one of the largest in the world. It is second only to Greenland.
2
The nation of Papua New Guinea includes some of the most rural and least explored areas of the world. Included in this area are over 850 different language groups, each with their own customs and traditions.
3
The largest island of Papua New Guinea is New Britain. It is a popular destination for deep sea divers wishing to dive the ruins of the New Guinea Campaign of World War II. Over 200,000 Australian, American and Japanese soldiers died in this region between 1942 and 1945 leaving a variety of air crafts submersed in the area's surrounding waters.
4
One of the most beautiful cities of Papua New Guinea was Rabaul, the capital of the province of New Britain. The city was completely destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 1994.
5
The geography and ecology of Papua New Guinea are as diverse as its people. The island chain includes the New Guinea Highlands, a dense tropical rain forest, a large area of wetlands and a surrounding coral reef. Each of these areas include unexplored regions with unknown species of both animal and plant life. Earthquakes, tsunamis and active volcanoes add to the geographical mysteries of this island chain.

The capital of Papua New Guinea is Port Moresby. The currency of Papua New Guinea is the Kina(PGK) Flag of Papua New Guinea


Papua New Guinea belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Papua New Guinea
Madang, Manus Island-Momote, Moresby, Wewak, and Goroka


Leaders of Papua New Guinea
List of seas in Papua New Guinea
Solomon Sea

The Country dialling code of Papua New Guinea is +675, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Papua New Guinea is .pg
Map of Papua New Guinea
Population
5,795,887
Languages spoken in Papua New Guinea
English, Hiri Motu, Tok Pisin
Animals native to Papua New Guinea / which animals live in Papua New Guinea?
Click here for all Animals in Papua New Guinea

Airlines in Papua New Guinea
Click here for all Airlines in Papua New Guinea

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Papua New Guinea
6 00 S, 147 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
5,152 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
452,860 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
9,980 square kilometers
Birth rate
28.76 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.14 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km
