Peru
Custom Search
There are many interesting and mysterious things to tell you about Peru. Europeans came to Peru in 1532 and wiped out a civilization that was the biggest empire in the western hemisphere.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Cuzco Peru was considered by the Inca civilization to be the center of the world. In fact, the name Cuzco in the language of the Incas meant navel of the world. Archaeologists consider Cuzco as the archaeological capital of North and South America. The last week of June is the time to be in Cuzco for the Inca Festival of the Sun. The original Inca Sun Temple is enclosed within the Catholic Church of Santo Domingo.
2
Manu Peru National Park is an amazing 4,5 million acres in size that is not only a park but also a wilderness reserve and protected tropical park. Manu is the most biologically diverse nature preserve in the world. Visiting is possible but very rustic and not for the faint at heart.
3
The Nazca Lines are one of the most famous attractions in Peru. They are ancient geometric forms laid out across hilly terrain in the shape of stylized human and animal shapes and forms. They can only be seen from the air and no one has been able to determine whom they were built by and for what purpose.
4
Lake Titicaca is the world's highest navigable lake at 12,500 feet about the surface of the ocean. The lake is quite mysterious with waters that change colors on the surface for unknown reasons. The lake is 3,200 square miles in size.
5
The Peruvian Amazon is the upper Amazon Basin and you can travel on 19th century riverboats that make you feel like you are part of an Agatha Christie mystery novel. There are many mysterious things to see. You may spot a new species of primate on your trip. If lucky, you may see pink and grey fresh water dolphins too.

The capital of Peru is Lima. The currency of Peru is the Nuevo Sol(PEN) Flag of Peru


Peru belongs to the South American continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Peru
Capitan Montes, Las Palmas, Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Chávez, Atalaya, Pucallpa, Chimbote, Tingo Maria, Chiclayo, Ayacucho, Andahuayla, Anta Huaraz, Rioja, Juanjui, Juliaca, San Juan, Cajamarca, Tumbes, Yurimaguas, Huanuco, Chachapoyas, Iquitos, Arequipa, Trujillo, Pisco, Tarapoto, Tacna, Puerto Maldonado, Piura, Cuzco, Aeropuerto Anta, Aeropuerto Chachapoyas, Aeropuerto Juan Simón Vela, Francisco Secada Vigneta, Alerta, Aeropuerto Rodríguez Ballón, and Aeropuerto David Figueroa Fernandini Alferez


Leaders of Peru
The Country dialling code of Peru is +51, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Peru is .pe

List of oil fields in Peru (1)
Map of Peru
Population
28,674,757
Languages spoken in Peru
Quechua, Aymara, Spanish
Animals native to Peru / which animals live in Peru?
Click here for all Animals in Peru

Airlines in Peru
Click here for all Airlines in Peru

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Peru
10 00 S, 76 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
2,414 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1280000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
5,220 square kilometers
Birth rate
20.09 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.21 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
12,000 sq km 