Pitcairn Islands
Custom Search
The Pitcairn Islands is located in the South Pacific Ocean. It makes up a group of four volcanic islands. There are some facts that people may or may not know about the Pitcairn Islands, such as:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The head of the of government is the mayor. The Pitcairn Islands' government offices are located in Auckland, New Zealand.
2
The Pitcairn Islands are small when it comes to both size and population. The population is only around sixty-seven people, who live there all year round. The island is only about 1 mile wide and 2 miles long.
3
The Pitcairn Islands is known for producing many types of fruit. People grow mangoes, watermelons, pineapples, coconuts, breadfruit, citrus, rock melons, limes, grapefruit and lemons. Veggies such as sweet corn, yams, tomatoes, sweet potatoes and beans are grown on the Pitcairn Islands.
4
Around 80% of locals make their money from tourism. Tourists who visit usually stay with local families. as there are no hotels. Each year around 10 cruise ships stop by the island for a couple of hours, and this also provides locals with income. Locals also sell items such as stamps and other souvenirs in order to bring income in.
5
A known fact is that it is warm all year round and this is why the island is popular with tourists. The reason for this is because the Islands are located under the Tropic of Capricorn. The Pitcairn islands do have a rainy season and that starts around November and ends around March, with temperatures averaging around 17-25 degrees. The hottest months of the year are between October and April, with temperatures averaging around 25-35 degrees Celsius.

The capital of Pitcairn Islands is Adamstown. The currency of Pitcairn is the New Zealand Dollar(NZD) Flag of Pitcairn Islands


Pitcairn belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with P

The Country dialling code of Pitcairn Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Pitcairn Islands is .pn
Map of Pitcairn Islands
Population
48
Languages spoken in Pitcairn Islands
Animals native to Pitcairn Islands / which animals live in Pitcairn Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Pitcairn Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Pitcairn Islands
25 04 S, 130 06 W
Kilometers of coastline
51 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
47 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 