Poland
Custom Search
Poland is a European nation that is rich in history and culture. Throughout the years, the county's people have managed to survive brutality and dramatic changes within its borders. Poland has since evolved into a powerful nation with a vibrant economy. Visitors to the nation will be pleased by the nation's friendly people and the versatility in all of the country's interesting sights to see. Here are some interesting facts about Poland:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Poland's ski resorts offer some of Europe's finest skiing opportunities. Renowned resorts, such as Zakopane and Szklarska Poreba, feature a variety of world-class ski runs and ideal snow conditions.
2
One of the largest Jewish populations in all of Europe lived in Poland prior to the holocaust. Most of the country's 3 million Jewish inhabitants met their demise in death camps during the Nazi German occupation, which lasted from 1939-1945. Auschwitz and Treblinka were two of the country's most notorious death camps.
3
Poland is known for its hearty cuisine. Kielbasa sausage, bigos stew and Kotlet schabowy (a pork cutlet similar to schnitzel) are common staples in the Polish diet. Delicious poppy seed makowiec and fruit filled perogi can be enjoyed as desserts.
4
Warsaw is the nation's capital. The capital's location has shifted a few different times in the country's history. Krakow and Gniezno are two of the other notable cities to have previously served as Poland's capital.
5
Even though many people consider Poland to be located in Eastern European, the nation is actually found in central Europe. Its Slavic roots and previous involvement as an 'Iron Curtain' country have likely contributed to the association with Eastern European geography.

The capital of Poland is Warsaw. The currency of Poland is the Zloty(PLN) Flag of Poland


Poland belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Poland
Szymany, Spala-Glinnik Nowy, Radzyn, Radom-Sadkow, Radom-Piastow, Orneta, Nowy Targ, Nowy Sacz West, Nowe Miasto, Lososina Dolna, Krzewica, Krosno Iwonicz, Krosno, Grojec, Deblin-Ulez, Deblin-Irena, Biala Podlaska, Zielona Gora, Zendek, Zegrze Pomorskie, Zagan, Wroclaw Strachowice, Wloclawek, Wicko Morskie, Trzebien, Szprotawa, Szewce, Sroda Maczniki, Rybnik-Gotartowice, Rudniki, Pruszcz, Poznan-Krzesiny, Powidz, Posnan-Lawica, Polska Nowa Wies, Polanowice, Plock, Piótrkow Bujny, Ostrow Wielkopolski, Osla, Olesnica, Olawa, Namyslow, Miroslawice, Milicz, Malbork, Lysiny, Lukaszow, Lubin, Lubien, Lodz Lublinek, Leznica Wielka, Leszno, Legnica, Lebien, Latkowo, Lask, Kunice, Kobylnica, Kamien Slaski, Kakolewo, Jelenia Góra, Inowroclaw, Gostyn, Gdynia, GdanskZechowo, Elblag, Darlowo, Darlowo, Chojna, Brzeg, Bielsko, Bednary, Balice, Babimost, Katowice, Rzeszow-Jasionka, Szczecin, Slupsk, and Warszawa-Okecie


Leaders of Poland
The Country dialling code of Poland is +48, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Poland is .pl
Map of Poland
Population
38,518,241
Languages spoken in Poland
Polish
Car brands from Poland
FSO, Mikrus, Smyjk, Syrena, and Warszawa

Animals native to Poland / which animals live in Poland?
Click here for all Animals in Poland

Airlines in Poland
Click here for all Airlines in Poland

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Poland
52 00 N, 20 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
491 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
304,465 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
8,220 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.94 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.94 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,000 sq km 