Portugal
Custom Search
Portugal is a beautiful country on the Western edge of Europe. It is rich in culture and history, and is a destination vacation for many people. However, this beautiful place is so much more than just tourism. It is a hidden gem full of surprises and wonder. Here are five facts you may not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Portugal has a varied climate. Most people imagine that Portugal is always sunny and warm. It is seen as the country you can visit for warm winter vacation. However, the interior and North parts of the country are known for having snow. With the mountains in the area, it is a ski vacation
2
Portugal started as a Roman settlement. The Roman influence can still be seen around the country. All over the country there is still evidence of Rome. From ruins to the language. It developed from Latin, and shows the Roman influence till this day.
3
Portugal prides itself on education. The people there see education as very important. There is a 100% rate of enrollment in schools and the literacy rate is over 99%. They value learning, and they make sure every child starts school. Many students go to University, either in their home country or in abroad.
4
Football isn't the only sport played in Portugal. While it is most well know for its football (soccer) teams, it is not the only sport the people enjoy playing. It also has a very successful rink hockey and rugby teams. Not surprisingly this country is very competitive on the Olympic stage. It also competes worldwide in Motor Sport.
5
Portugal has amazing local music. The people there have developed their own style of music. Fado, which is a moody urban style, has become the most popular style of music across the country. It spotlights the Portuguese guitar. Pop is just as popular there as it is in most of the world, and this country has donated its share of musicians to pop music.

The capital of Portugal is Lisbon. The currency of Portugal is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Portugal


Portugal belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Portugal
Braganca, Beja, Flores Acores, Faro - Aeroporto, Horta - Castelo Branco Acores, Lajes Acores, Monte Real Mil., Montijo Mil., Ovar Mil., Ponta Delgada - Nordela Acores, Porto - Pedras Rubras, Porto Santo, Sintra Mil., Tancos Mil., Vila Real, Santa Maria Acores, Aeroporto Da Madeira, Lisboa - Portela, Pico Airport, and Flughafen Lissabon


Leaders of Portugal
The Country dialling code of Portugal is +351, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Portugal is .pt
Map of Portugal
Population
10,642,836
Languages spoken in Portugal
Portuguese
Animals native to Portugal / which animals live in Portugal?
Click here for all Animals in Portugal

Airlines in Portugal
Click here for all Airlines in Portugal

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Portugal
39 30 N, 8 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,793 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
91,951 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
440 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.59 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.56 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
6,500 sq km 