Puerto Rico
Custom Search
Beautiful, colorful Puerto Rico is situated in the Caribbean Sea west of the U.S. Virgin Islands and east of the Dominican Republic. Although it's the smallest island of the Greater Antilles, Puerto Rico has one of the densest populations in the world with more than 1,100 people per square mile. Puerto Rico is a popular tourist destination due to its warm and friendly people, gorgeous beaches, historic landmarks and fabulous foods.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Puerto Rico was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1493. Initially Puerto Rico was named San Juan Bautista, which translates to St. John the Baptist, and its rich, port city was known as Puerto Rico. Later on the names were switched.
2
In 1917 residents of Puerto Rico officially became U. S. citizens. Since 1947, Puerto Ricans have had the right to elect their own governor but are not allowed to vote in U.S. presidential elections.
3
Old San Juan is not situated on the mainland of Puerto Rico, but instead is on a tiny island, about the size of one square mile. This small islalnd connects to the main island by a variety of bridges. Old San Juan is indeed old. In fact it is considered one of the oldest cities in the Western Hemisphere.
4
It is believed that the very first Pi'a Colada was created by head bartender Ramon Marrero on August 15, 1954 at the Caribe Hilton International Hotel in San Juan. In 1978, the Pi'a Colada was named Puerto Rico's official drink.
5
Puerto Rico has a mascot named the Coqui which is a tiny tree frog that inhabits the island. Sixteen varieties of tree frog live in Puerto Rico. Other species from the same family can be found in Central and South America and other Caribbean islands. The male Coquis sing all night long from dawn to dusk and are beloved creatures to the islanders.

The capital of Puerto Rico is San Juan. The currency of Puerto Rico is the US Dollar(USD) Flag of Puerto Rico


Puerto Rico belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with P

Airports in Puerto Rico
Adjuntas Airport, Aeropuerto Borinquen, Aeropuerto International de Isla Verde, Aeropuerto Mercedita, Aeropuerto Santa Isabel, Aeropuerto de Culebra, Aeropuerto de Dorado, Aeropuerto de Humacao, Aeropuerto de Isla Grande, Aeropuerto de Salinas, Antonio-Nery-Juarbe Pol Airport, Banco Popular Center Heliport, Baxter-Aibonito Heliport, Baxter-Carolina Heliport, Bayamon Regional Hospital Heliport, Boqueron Airport, Diego Jimenez Torres Airport, Eugenio Maria de Hostos Airport, Fajardo Harbor Seaplane Base, Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport, Fort Buchanan Heliport, Insular Government Number Two Heliport, Labadie Airport, Losey Army Airfield historical, Luis Munoz Marin International Airport, Old San Juan Heliport, Orama-Jayuya Heliport, Orocovis Health Center Heliport, PRTC Office Building Heliport, Patillas Airport, Pista de Aterrizaje historical, Rafael Hernandez Airport, Rexach Office Building Heliport, Roosevelt Roads Naval Station-Ofstie Field, San Juan Steam Plant Heliport, Squibb Heliport, State Government Number One Heliport, and Villa Marina Heliport

The Country dialling code of Puerto Rico is +1 939, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Puerto Rico is .pr
Map of Puerto Rico
Population
3,944,259
Languages spoken in Puerto Rico
Animals native to Puerto Rico / which animals live in Puerto Rico?
Click here for all Animals in Puerto Rico



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Puerto Rico
18 15 N, 66 30 W
Kilometers of coastline
501 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
8,870 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
4,921 square kilometers
Birth rate
12.79 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.78 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
400 sq km 