Romania
Custom Search
Romania, located in southeastern Central Europe, boasts a terrain of hills, plains, forests, mountains, rivers and 3,500 lakes. Romania offers breathtaking scenery, endless activities and natural rejuvenating spas. Romania also abounds in centuries-old history and architecture.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
One of Romania's tourist highlights is the Danube Delta, located near the Black Sea where the Danube ends. The delta, a wildlife and bird lover's paradise, is Europe's second largest delta, with over 2,000 miles of rivers, canals and marshes providing sanctuary to 3,450 animal species and 1,700 plant species.
2
Romania's architectural treasures include medieval castles, fortresses, churches and towers built as protection against invaders, many dating back 900 years. Transylvania, in Central Romania, includes medieval towns such as Sighisoara, Brasov and Sibiu. Legend has it that Bran Castle, built in the 1300s near Brasov, was home to Prince Vlad Tepes in the 1400s, prototype for Bram Stoker's Count Dracula. The 60-room castle, set atop a rock, has winding stairways, underground passages and 14th century artifacts.
3
The Painted Monasteries of Bucovina beckon art enthusiasts. Located in northeastern Romania and considered Byzantine masterpieces, these exquisite wall frescoes tell stories of saints, prophets, angels, demons, heaven and hell. Voronet, founded by Stephen the Great in the 1400s, is perhaps the best known monastery. Many of the Voronet frescoes used a particular shade of blue paint, the composition of which still eludes experts today.
4
For relief from medical complaints a visit to one of Romania's natural spas may be in order. Romania's largest health resort, Baile Felix in Northwestern Romania, offers mineral thermal waters, mud supplements and other therapies believed to relieve numerous medical problems including rheumatism, arthritis, gynecological and nervous disorders, even some paralysis.
5
For beach and sports enthusiasts, Romania's Black Sea coast offers the perfect vacation destination. Miles of sandy beaches, resorts, sports facilities, entertainment and rejuvenation spas combine for a most enjoyable stay.

The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The currency of Romania is the New Leu(RON) Flag of Romania


Romania belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with R

Airports in Romania
Arad, Bacau, Baia Mare, Bucuresti - Baneasa, Kogalniceanu, Cluj-Napoca, Caransebes, Craiova, Iasi, Oradea, Sibiu, Satu Mare, Suceava - Salcea, Tulcea, Tirgu Mures, Timisoara, and Bucuresti Otopeni


Leaders of Romania
The Country dialling code of Romania is +40, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Romania is .ro
Map of Romania
Population
22,276,056
Languages spoken in Romania
Romanian
Car brands from Romania
ARO, Dacia, and Oltcit

Animals native to Romania / which animals live in Romania?
Click here for all Animals in Romania

Airlines in Romania
Click here for all Airlines in Romania

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Romania
46 00 N, 25 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
225 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
230,340 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
7,160 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.67 / 1000 population
Death rate
11.81 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
30,770 sq km 