Russia
Custom Search
Before you go traveling, it is nice to know some basic things about the place you are headed to. Russia, although not a very popular tourist destination, is a beautiful nation with plenty to offer visitors. Here are five amazing facts about Russia to get you started.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The country is huge. The span of eight timezones is stretched through by this nation which constitutes one seventh of the landmass of the entire world. It has more bordering countries and comes in contact with more bodies of water than any other place on earth.
2
If you need a drink, it is the place to be. Somewhere near a quarter of the fresh water in the world is contained in the lakes in Russia. If there is ever a shortage of drinking water, they will easily corner the market.
3
Russians tend to distrust anything cheap. They are very cautious in determining if an item truly has value. In fact, there is no word in the language that sufficiently describes the English word bargain. Anything that you purchase in the country is sure to be of the highest quality.
4
The Siberian ice maiden was discovered there in the permafrost. She was found in 1996 by the Russian archeologist, Natalya Polosmak. She is said to have died somewhere near the year 400 BC, or spent more than two thousand four hundred years trapped and preserved in the ice.
5
The country is home to the Hermitage Museum. It is one of the largest in the world. The museum is home to more than three thousand exhibits which consist of artworks ranging from the modern all the way back to the stone age.

The capital of Russia is Moscow.
Russia belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with R

Airports in Russia
Aeroport Sheremet'yevo, Jakutsk, Polyarny, Mirny, Tiksi, Habarovsk, Anadyr, Buhta Providenja, Magadan, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskij, Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Vladivostok, Chita, Bratsk - Irkutsk, Irkutsk, Ulan-Ude, Arhangel'Sk, St. Peterburg, Murmansk, Velikie Luki, Kaliningrad-Khrabrovo Airport, Abakan, Barnaul, Kemerovo, Omsk, Novokuznetsk, Anapa - Vitiazevo, Krasnodar, Mineral'Nye Vody, Nalchik, Stavropol - Shpakovskoye, Rostov-Na-Donu, Adler, Astrakhan, Elista, Volgograd, Chelyabinsk-Balandino, Hanty-Mansijsk, Nizhnevartovsk, Perm'-Bolshoe Savino, Surgut, Ekaterinburg, Brjansk, Domodedovo International Airport, Tver, Voronez, Moscow - Vnukovo, Syktyvkar, Nizhny Novgorod-Strigino, Kazan', Ulyanovsk, Orenburg - Tsentralny, Penza, Saratov - Tsentralny, Ufa, Samara, Cul'Man, Pevek, Domodedovo International Airport, and Flughafen Moskau-Scheremetjewo


Leaders of Russia
List of seas in Russia
Pechorskoye More, Queen Victoria Sea, and the White Sea

The Country dialling code of Russia is +7, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Russia is .ru

List of oil fields in Russia (1)
Map of Russia
Population
141,377,752
Languages spoken in Russia
Adyghe, Altay, Bashkir, Buriat, Chechen, Chukchi, Chuvash, Dolgan, Erzya, Evenk, Ingush, Kabardian, Kalmyk, Karachay-Balkar, Khakas, Khanty, Komi-Permyak, Komi-Zyrian, Koryak, Mansi, Mari, Moksha, Nenets, Ossetic, Russian, Tatar, Tuvin, Udmurt, Yakut, Yiddish
Animals native to Russia / which animals live in Russia?
Click here for all Animals in Russia

Airlines in Russia
Click here for all Airlines in Russia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Russia
60 00 N, 100 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
37,653 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
16,995,800 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
79,400 square kilometers
Birth rate
10.92 / 1000 population
Death rate
16.04 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
46,000 sq km 