Rwanda
Custom Search
Gaining mainstream attention after the film, Hotel Rwanda, the country of Rwanda offers more than a bloody history of genocide. Although Rwanda's recent civil strife can not be ignored, the positive aspects of Rwanda should not be overlooked. The following are five things most people probably do not know about the country of Rwanda:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Known as The Land of a Thousand Hills, the terrain in Rwanda can be treacherous to travel. The highest point in Rwanda, Karisimbi Volcano, is located 4,519 meters above sea level, and is found in the Virunga Mountains. The chain of mountains populating Rwanda's countryside can be attributed to Rwanda's location along the East African Rift.
2
Water is a necessity for all life, and Rwanda derives most of its water from a series of lakes. More specifically, these lakes are: Lake Kivu, Lake Mugesera, Lake Muhazi, Lake Ruhondo, Lake Ihema, and Lake Bulera. Because of the availability of water, many types of animals inhabit Rwanda's waterways like storks and Blue-headed Gondolek.
3
Every country must have a form of currency in order to do business. Rwanda uses the Rwandan franc. In terms of converting Rwandan francs to US dollars, individuals should expect to get around 588 rwf for every 1 US dollar. Rwanda may drop the use of the Rwandan franc if the East African Shilling is adopted by other East African countries.
4
In the US, life expectancy is around 70-80 years. However, Rwanda's average life expectancy is nearly half at approximately 40. This is most likely a reflection of the widespread genocide rather than dietary or medical insufficiencies. Overtime, researchers will be able to get a more accurate picture of Rwanda's true life expectancy, once the ramifications of the genocide have dissipated.
5
The Twas Pygmy ethnic group in Rwanda, which comprises roughly 1 percent of the country's entire population, are thought to be the decedents of the original inhabitants of Rwanda. The Twas Pygmy are a very traditional society, in that they are based around the hunter-gatherer way of life.

The capital of Rwanda is Kigali. The currency of Rwanda is the Rwanda Franc(RWF) Flag of Rwanda


Rwanda is an African country


More countries starting with R

Airports in Rwanda
Kigali, and Gisenyi


Leaders of Rwanda
The Country dialling code of Rwanda is +250, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Rwanda is .rw
Map of Rwanda
Population
9,907,509
Languages spoken in Rwanda
English, French, Kinyarwanda, Swahili
Animals native to Rwanda / which animals live in Rwanda?
Click here for all Animals in Rwanda

Airlines in Rwanda
Click here for all Airlines in Rwanda

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Rwanda
2 00 S, 30 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
24,948 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,390 square kilometers
Birth rate
40.16 / 1000 population
Death rate
14.91 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
90 sq km 