South Africa

South Africa is a country in the most southern tip of the African continent. It is made up of a total of nine provinces on both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. Although South Africa has been in the news many times over the past decades and was host to the world cup last summer, there are some simple facts that many people do not know.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Taung Child, a human fossil was found in South Africa in 1924. Other human fossils have been found in caves in Eastern Cape and Western Cape. These sites show that the human species lived in South Africa as long as 300 million years ago.
2
South Africa has a generally temperate climate. This is attributed to being surrounded by the ocean on three sides. The winter months are from June through August. The climate varies from the desert of southern Namib to the subtropical climate along the Mozambique border. There is considerable variation in the topography of the country.
3
Platinum is the world's most precious metal. It costs 1,5 per cent more than gold. South Africa produces 80 percent of all the world's platinum and therefore controls almost all platinum in the world.
4
There are wonderful train services in South Africa. The Blue Train runs between Cape Town and Pretoria. The journey, which is one way, takes 27 hours. The Rovos Rail offers trips that go throughout South Africa and up to Victoria Falls. On board passengers are served five star meals and can use full-sized tubs while travelling throughout the scenic countryside.
5
South Africa has 11 official languages. Some languages are spoken more than others. In 2008 the most used languages in the country were Zulu (23%), Xhosa (17%) and Afrinkaans (13%). About 8% of the population speaks English.

The capital of South Africa is Pretoria. The currency of South Africa is the Rand(ZAR) Flag of South Africa


South Africa is an African country


More countries starting with S

Airports in South Africa
Wonderboom Aerodrome, Willowmore North, Willowmore, Wesselsbron, Waterkloof, Vryheid, Virginia Aerodrome, Victoria West, Ventersdorp, Uitenhage, Tempe, Swartkop, Standerton, Somerset East, Scottburgh, Sakrivier, Rustenburg, Robinson Lake Aerodrome, Richmond, Rand Airport, Queenstown, Potgietersrus, Potchefstroom Aerodrome, Port Alfred, Piet Retief, Pieter Willem Botha Lughawe, Pietersburg, Pieter Maritzburg, Upington Airport, Philipstown, Klerksdorp Airport, Petrusville, Odendaalsrus, Montagu, Mmabatho Airport, Middelburg, Mafeking, Durban International Airport, King Shaka International Airport, Ladybrand, Knysna N.W., King Williams Town, Kimberley East, K.D. Matanzima Airport, Oliver Reginald Tambo International, Bloemfontein, Hennenman, Hendrik van Eck, Port Elizabeth Airport, Grand Central Aerodrome, Grahamstown, George, Edenburg, Eagle High, Dunnottar, Dordrecht, Delportonia Aerodrome, Delmas, Carolina, Carnarvon, Boshof, Bethlehem, East London Airport, Bedford, Barkly West, Barberton, Kimberly Airport, Amersfoort, Aliwal North, Ysterplaat, Youngsfield, Langebaanweg, Fisantkraal, Cape Town International Airport, Calvinia, Mthatha Airport, Alexander Bay, Bethlehem Airport, Calvinia, Ermelo, Ellisras, Rand, Graaff Reinet, Greytown, Hoedspruit, Lanseria, Lichtenburg, Ladysmith, Middelburg, Margate, Mossel Bay Cape Saint Blaize, Newcastle, Nelspruit, Overberg, Oudtshoorn, Plettenberg Bay, Port St Johns, Richard Bay, Springbok, Sishen, Tzaneen, Ulundi, Vryburg, Vredendal, Vereeniging, Witbank, Pietersburg Civil, and Aggeneys


Leaders of South Africa
The Country dialling code of South Africa is +27, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of South Africa is .za
Map of South Africa
Population
43,997,828
Languages spoken in South Africa
Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tsonga, Tswana, Venda, Xhosa, Zulu
Animals native to South Africa / which animals live in South Africa?
Click here for all Animals in South Africa

Airlines in South Africa
Click here for all Airlines in South Africa
Phone manufacturers in South Africa
Karbonn Mobiles



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of South Africa
29 00 S, 24 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,798 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,219,912 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.94 / 1000 population
Death rate
22.45 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
14,980 sq km 