Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Custom Search
Saint Pierre'and Miquelon is a unique territory. It has been a territory, on and off, of France since the islands were first discovered in 1536 and continue to be'part of that nation, even though it is more than 6,470 kilometers from Brest, the nearest metropolitan area of mainland France. However, it is a self-governing territory located'near Canada in the northwestern Atlantic. The islands are the only remnants from the time France had a foothold in North America, which was called'New France at that time. There are five things that most people may not know about Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The islands were discovered'by a Portuguese sailor by the name of Joao Alvares'Fangunde'in 1520, but were made'a possession of the King of France by Jacques Cartier in 1536.
2
Saint Pierre and Miquelon were not permanently settled by the French until four citizens decided to become residents in 1670. By 1691 there was a total of 22 French citizens living on the islands.
3
The British invaded the territory in 1878 and took possession of the islands. More than 2,000 French citizens living on the islands were sent'back to France. The territory did not fall under control of the French again until 1802 when the Treaty of Amiens was signed.
4
You need a passport to travel to Saint Pierre and Miquelon is you are not a citizen of France. This means that Americans and Canadians cannot visit the island without a passport, even though these are the two closest nations and can actually drive to one of the islands of the territory.
5
Saint Pierre and Miquelon use the Euro as their source of currency.

The capital of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is Saint-Pierre. The currency of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is the Euro(EUR)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint-Pierre

The Country dialling code of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is +508, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is .pm
Map of Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Population
7,036
Languages spoken in Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Animals native to Saint Pierre and Miquelon / which animals live in Saint Pierre and Miquelon?
Click here for all Animals in Saint Pierre and Miquelon



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saint Pierre and Miquelon
46 50 N, 56 20 W
Kilometers of coastline
120 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
242 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
13.08 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.82 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 