Saint Lucia
Custom Search
Saint Lucia is a beautiful island located in the Caribbean. It is the perfect place to relax and have a good time. It is a tropical paradise that is a great vacation getaway. Whether you want to lie out and get some sun or party at one of the many Saint Lucia hotspots this is the best destination to do so. Although this is a very popular destination, there are things that you may not know about Saint Lucia. Below are five things that you might not know about Saint Lucia.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
If you are attending one of the famous Saint Lucia jazz festivals on the Pigeon Island National Landmark, you can only bring a cooler of a particular size. If you are planning on bringing your own beverages, coolers with the measurements of 36'x 24' or smaller is allowed. If your cooler is larger than this, it will not be allowed on the grounds.
2
It is illegal to film at any jazz venue in Saint Lucia without authorization. Visitors can just enjoy the jazz performances. For those who want to film for whatever purpose, authorization must be obtained.
3
Saint Lucia is divided into 11 quarters and has a population of 170,000. The 11 quarters are Anse la Raye, Castries, Choiseul, Gros Islet, Laborie, Micoud, Praslin, Soufri're, Vieux Fort, Dauphin, and Dennery.
4
France and England struggled for many years to gain control of Saint Lucia. The island has experienced several government changes over time.
5
The Saint Lucia volcano is the only drive-in volcano in the world. It is a popular attraction on the island. The last eruption was in the late 1700s but was only a steam eruption.

The capital of Saint Lucia is Castries. The currency of Saint Lucia is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Saint Lucia


Saint Lucia belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saint Lucia
Vigie Airport, and Hewanorra International Airport


Leaders of Saint Lucia
The Country dialling code of Saint Lucia is +1 758, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saint Lucia is .lc
Map of Saint Lucia
Population
170,649
Languages spoken in Saint Lucia
English
Animals native to Saint Lucia / which animals live in Saint Lucia?
Click here for all Animals in Saint Lucia



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saint Lucia
13 53 N, 60 58 W
Kilometers of coastline
158 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
606 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
10 square kilometers
Birth rate
19.28 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.03 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
30 sq km 