Saint Kitts and Nevis
Custom Search
St. Kitts and Nevis is a great travel destination. It is also known for its endless adventures, for those seeking to take a vacation, or simply get away from the regular city hustle. Saint Kitts and Nevis is sure to meet all your travel needs. Brace yourself as we take you through five things you might not know about Saint Kitts and Nevis.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The people of St. Kitts and Nevis are mainly from a mixture of European, African and West Indies. They are generally shy. Be sure to be courteous when you come across them.
2
St. Kitts and Nevis boasts of over 250 heritages sites. Though you can get taxi tours, try to explore your adventurous spirit and discover the not so popular heritage sites. The best way to appreciate a place is to explore the not so popular places. It gives you a feel of the people. Mix it up with the popular sites as well. Friends may ask you how your experience was, and telling them of places that they need to visit, would make you an expert in your own right.
3
The breathtaking topography is home to craters, hills, valley and rivers. This is ideal for the individual who doesn't mind working up a sweat by hiking and exploring the beautiful natural landscape that surrounds Saint Kitts and Nevis. Mt. Liamuiga provides a good challenge, and is a great way to enjoy the breathtaking scenery.
4
For the traveler who loves the combination of sun, sand and ocean breeze, you may want to try out the wide range of water sports available, or venture out into the ocean in a guided cruise.
5
The environmental friendly traveler will definitely be at home with safari tours offered at Saint Kitts and Nevis. Feel free to consult a travel agent that can help you enjoy the spoils that make-up this lovely travel destination.

The capital of Saint Kitts and Nevis is Basseterre. The currency of Saint Kitts and Nevis is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Saint Kitts and Nevis


Saint Kitts and Nevis belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saint Kitts and Nevis
Newcastle Airport, and Golden Rock Airport


Leaders of Saint Kitts and Nevis
The Country dialling code of Saint Kitts and Nevis is +1 869, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saint Kitts and Nevis is .kn
Map of Saint Kitts and Nevis
Population
39,349
Languages spoken in Saint Kitts and Nevis
English
Animals native to Saint Kitts and Nevis / which animals live in Saint Kitts and Nevis?
Click here for all Animals in Saint Kitts and Nevis



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saint Kitts and Nevis
17 20 N, 62 45 W
Kilometers of coastline
135 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
261 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.89 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.16 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 