Saint Helena
Custom Search
Saint Helena is a group of islands between South America and Africa in the Atlantic Ocean named after Saint Helena of Constantinople. The islands were first discovered in 1502 by the Portuguese, who inhabited them. Saint Helena includes volcanoes with white sandy beaches surrounded by brilliant blue water. The collection of islands include Ascension, Saint Helena Island, Tristan da Cunha Island, Gough Island, 3 Nightingale Islands and Inaccessible Island.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Napoleon Bonaparte was exiled to Saint Helena in 1815 and remained on the island until his death 6 years later. The isolated islands made a perfect spot for exiling people due to the location and lack of traffic.
2
Saint Helena is a breeding ground for Sooty Terns. These are small black and white birds in the tern family. This type of bird calls incessantly in colonies and is known by 'ewa ewa' in Hawaiian which means cacophony. The birds travel in colonies of astounding sizes.
3
Sea turtles are abundant is Saint Helena, primarily on Ascension Island. The environment includes mild, tropical temperatures with trade winds, which are ideal for sea turtles to breed and hatch their young.
4
The Saint Helena Herald is the only major newpaper printer in the official language of English in the islands. The newspaper appears in print and online on each Friday.
5
Communication is limited on the islands due to the isolated location. There are approximately 3,000 radios on the islands, which are supported by one AM radio station. Slightly fewer televisions are on the islands with no local stations, but satellite is available for reception. Only one internet service provider is available for Saint Helena.

The capital of Saint Helena is Jamestown. Flag of Saint Helena


Saint Helena is an African country


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saint Helena
Wide Awake Field Ascension Island

The Country dialling code of Saint Helena is +290, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saint Helena is .sh
Map of Saint Helena
Population
7,543
Languages spoken in Saint Helena
Animals native to Saint Helena / which animals live in Saint Helena?
Click here for all Animals in Saint Helena



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saint Helena
Saint Helena: 15 57 S, 5 42 W Ascension Island: 7 57 S, 14 22 W Tristan da Cunha island group: 37 15 S, 12 30 W
Kilometers of coastline
100 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
11.93 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.63 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 