Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Custom Search
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is a 150 square mile British territory with a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary democracy over six parishes, which include Charlotte, Grenadines, Saint Andrew, Saint David, Saint George and Saint Patrick. It is located in the Caribbean, south of Saint Lucia and west of Barbados. The Grenadines portion is actually 32 smaller islands, some of which were featured in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
2
In a decision approved by Travel and Leisure Magazine, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines were ranked number five in CNN's 'World's top destinations for 2012.' This decision came about partly because of the pristine area's newfound accessibility following the completion of a major international airport and partly because several all-inclusive resorts were recently built.
3
While the beaches at Saint Vincent and the Grenadines are truly magnificent, they are not the only sight worth seeing, for the islands are also home to Wallilablou, Trinity and Dark View Falls in addition to the active La Soufriere Volcano and the western hemisphere's oldest botanical garden. There are also magnificent rainforests where one can catch a glimpse of Amazona Guildingi, the national bird that is also known as the Saint Vincent Parrot.
4
Beginning in January of 2012, the islands will be holding the first annual Digital Detox Holiday where guests can participate by turning in their electronic devices. In addition, the islands hold six festivals and two regattas annually.
5
Although bananas are the top crop, plentiful sunshine, fertile volcanic ground and average year-round temperatures of 81 degrees Fahrenheit have made Saint Vincent and the Grenadines one of the largest marijuana producers in the Caribbean.

The capital of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is Kingstown. The currency of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is the East Caribbean Dollar(XCD) Flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines


Saint Vincent and the Grenadines belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Arnos Vale, and J.F. Mitchell


Leaders of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
The Country dialling code of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is +1 784, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is .vc
Map of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Population
118,149
Languages spoken in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
English
Animals native to Saint Vincent and the Grenadines / which animals live in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines?
Click here for all Animals in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
13 15 N, 61 12 W
Kilometers of coastline
84 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
389 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.02 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.97 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
10 sq km 