San Marino
Custom Search
Officially called the Republic of San Marino, it is the third smallest state in Europe after the Vatican and Monaco. It is considered one of the world's oldest republics and is believed to have been founded in 301 A.D. by a Christian stonemason by the name of Marinus. San Marino is not an official member of the European Union, but does share its foreign policies.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
San Marino only shares a border with one country. This is because the state is in central Italy and completely surrounded by the country. Its location tends to mean its political and social aspects are very similar to those of Italy itself.
2
For over two decades the Imola racing circuit in San Marino was a stop for the International Formula One championship. The first race took place in 1981 and was won by Nelson Piquet. The last was in 2006 and won by Michael Schumacher. Facilities at the track had become too run down for the liking of the multi-billion dollar sport, so Formula One did not return. The track is also infamous for having been the scene of the last fatal crash in Formula One history when legendary driver Ayrton Senna was killed in qualifying.
3
The people of San Marino are known as the Sammarinese, and the population is a mixture of natives and Italians. The language in the state is Italian and the practiced religion is Roman Catholicism.
4
The economy of San Marino is strongly dependent on tourism as well as banking. Manufacturing in the region mainly produces ceramics, paints, furniture, clothing, wine and spirits. The low tax rates in the state also make it attractive to major businesses, which adds to its success in the banking industry.
5
As a small independent state, San Marino does not have its own military although it does have a voluntary force for minor policing and ceremonial duties within its borders. Military protection is provided by the Italian army with no obligation for Sammarinese citizens to serve in the armed forces.

The capital of San Marino is San Marino. The currency of San Marino is the Euro(EUR) Flag of San Marino


San Marino belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with S


Leaders of San Marino
The Country dialling code of San Marino is +378, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of San Marino is .sm
Map of San Marino
Population
29,615
Languages spoken in San Marino
Italian
Animals native to San Marino / which animals live in San Marino?
Click here for all Animals in San Marino



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of San Marino
43 46 N, 12 25 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
61.2 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.89 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.27 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 