Sao Tome and Principe
Custom Search
Traveling to a new country or city can be both scary and thrilling at the same time. Knowing what to expect when you land on your travel destination will help reduce the butterflies on your stomach and can prepare you for what's ahead. Though it is fine to travel in search of new and unique experiences, from eating exotic food to meeting the hospitable and welcoming locals, it won't hurt you to research some facts on your destination. And talking about unknown, a substantial number of travelers may not be fond or unfamiliar of Sao Tome and Principe. Here are 5 facts you need to know about the place.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Sao Tome and Principe is officially known as the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe and is a country located in the Gulf of Guinea, which is off the western equatorial cost of Central Africa. It is comprised of two islands - Sao Tome and Principe - as the name implies.
2
The majority of Sao Tome and Principe's population is Portuguese-speaking and amounts up to 163,000 according to a 2010 census. Both Sao Tome and Principe are constituents of an inactive volcanic mountain range. It was given its title to honor Saint Thomas by the Portuguese travelers who arrived in the shores of the country during his day of commemoration.
3
Sao Tome and Principe is the second smallest country in Africa, Seychelles being the smallest country. In terms of worldwide population, the country is the smallest nation that was not ruled by the British overseas territory, US trusteeship and/or one of the identified microstates in Europe. It is also the smallest country to have its main language as Portuguese.
4
The climate in Sao Tome and Principe is tropical when it is in sea level. Hot and humid weather is experienced with a median annual temp of around 27'C with regular variations per day. The rainy season within the country runs from the month of October to May.
5
Sao Tome and Principe harbors several endemic animal and plant species, including the world's smallest ibis, the Sao Tome Ibis, and the world's biggest sunbird, the Giant Sunbird.

The capital of Sao Tome and Principe is São Tomé. The currency of Sao Tome and Principe is the Dobra(STD) Flag of Sao Tome and Principe


São Tomé and Príncipe is an African country


More countries starting with S

Airports in Sao Tome and Principe
Principe, and S. Tome


Leaders of Sao Tome and Principe
The Country dialling code of Sao Tome and Principe is +239, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Sao Tome and Principe is .st
Map of Sao Tome and Principe
Population
199,579
Languages spoken in Sao Tome and Principe
Animals native to Sao Tome and Principe / which animals live in Sao Tome and Principe?
Click here for all Animals in Sao Tome and Principe



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Sao Tome and Principe
1 00 N, 7 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
209 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1,001 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
39.72 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.28 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
100 sq km 