Saudi Arabia
Custom Search
Known as the largest state in Western Asia, Saudi Arabia is a country with a rich history and a culture all its own. One of the more well known facts about Saudi Arabia is that it holds the second largest oil reserves in all of the world, but there are some facts about Saudi Arabia that you might not know. If you'd like to learn a few more interesting facts about Saudi Arabia, here are 5 things you might not know about this oil rich country.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Saudi Arabia is a country that consists of a mainly younger aged population. In fact, 75% of its population is under the age of 35 with 18 being the average age of its citizens. That's a lot of young people!
2
Saudi Arabia is home to the world's largest airport. Certain parts of Saudi Arabia are quickly becoming top travel destinations for tourists, and King Khaled Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia provides a landing pad for all of these excited travelers.
3
Saudi Arabia has no lakes or rivers, but they do have wadis, basins and oases. It is also home to the largest sand desert on earth which is located in the southern part of Saudi Arabia and is called Rub' al Khali which translates to Empty Quarter in English.
4
In Saudi Arabia, the general public does not pay any taxes. Along with not paying taxes, citizens of Saudi Arabia also receive free health care.
5
Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world that has a ban on female drivers. That's right, if you are a woman who lives in Saudi Arabia, you can't drive a car.

The capital of Saudi Arabia is Riyadh. The currency of Saudi Arabia is the Saudi Riyal(SAR) Flag of Saudi Arabia


Saudi Arabia belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Saudi Arabia
Gassim, Dhahran International, Rafha, ?a'il Airport, Al Jawf Airport, King Khalid International, Abha, Al Ahsa, Al Baha, Bisha, Dammam-King Fahd International Airport, Dawadmi, Gizan, Guriat, Jubail Naval, Jeddah King Abdul Aziz International Airport, Hafr Al-Batin, Khamis Mushait, Madinah, Najran, Al Qaysumah, Arar, Riyadh, Sharurah, Tabuk, Taif, Turaif, Wadi Al Dawasser Airport, Wejh, and Yenbo


Leaders of Saudi Arabia
The Country dialling code of Saudi Arabia is +966, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Saudi Arabia is .sa

List of oil fields in Saudi Arabia (27)
Map of Saudi Arabia
Population
27,601,038
Languages spoken in Saudi Arabia
Arabic
Animals native to Saudi Arabia / which animals live in Saudi Arabia?
Click here for all Animals in Saudi Arabia

Airlines in Saudi Arabia
Click here for all Airlines in Saudi Arabia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Saudi Arabia
25 00 N, 45 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,640 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
2,149,690 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
29.1 / 1000 population
Death rate
2.55 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
16,200 sq km 