Singapore

Singapore vies with Hong Kong for the title of most Westernized city in all of Asia. This means that Singapore's streets and parks are clean, its drivers sane and its public transportation system, the MRT train line, a joy to ride. It doesn't mean that Singapore has lost any of its Eastern mystery or charm. Singapore is one of the most exciting cities in Southeast Asia. Here are some things you may not know about Malaysia's Lion City.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Singapore is a city-state. In all the world, there are only two others: Vatican City and Monaco.
2
Singapore is a multi-racial culture, and Singaporeans speak a medley of languages. Mandarin, Cantonese, Malay and Tamil can all be heard on Singapore's busy streets. But Singapore's most popular language is a type of pidgin English called Singlish.
3
If you fall ill in Singapore, chances are the medical attention you'll receive will be as good, or better, than what you'll receive at home. Singapore has one of the best health care systems on the planet. In fact, Singapore attracts hundred of thousands of medical tourists each year who come just for the doctors and hospitals.
4
Singapore's cuisine is justly famous. The city is a Mecca for foodies. The most renowned of all Singapore dishes' Singapore chili crab, so succulent that numerous Singapore chili crab fests are staged across Europe all winter long. The dish was created by the chef Cher Yam Tian in 1950 and has been the mainstay of Singapore's numerous restaurants, bars and food stalls ever since.
5
Singapore's Bukit Timah Nature Reserve is a celebrated piece of rain forest, with more different species of trees than the entire continent of North America. The British naturalist Alfred Russell Wallace's most famous book, The Malay Archipelago, chronicles his infatuation with Bukit Timah. You'll find Singapore's highest elevation in this park: Bukit Timah Hill, just over 540 feet high. Singapore is otherwise very flat, which makes it a great place for walking.

The capital of Singapore is Singapur. The currency of Singapore is the Singapore Dollar(SGD) Flag of Singapore


Singapore belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Singapore
Paya Lebar Airport, Singapore Changi Airport, and Singapore Highway Strip Pioneer


Leaders of Singapore
The Country dialling code of Singapore is +65, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Singapore is .sg
Map of Singapore
Population
4,553,009
Languages spoken in Singapore
English, Malay, Mandarin Chinese, Tamil
Animals native to Singapore / which animals live in Singapore?
Click here for all Animals in Singapore

Airlines in Singapore
Click here for all Airlines in Singapore
Phone manufacturers in Singapore
Flextronics



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Singapore
1 22 N, 103 48 E
Kilometers of coastline
193 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
682.7 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
10 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.17 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.4 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 