Solomon Islands
Custom Search
The Solomon Islands are a tropical paradise adorning the Pacific Ocean, yet rarely visited and full of political turmoil. What exactly is happening in this island nation' Keep reading to discover 5 facts you might not know about Solomon Islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Solomon Islands' geography is unique, and consists of nearly one thousand islands spanning almost one thousand miles across the Pacific Ocean. The Islands have two different ecoregions, although all of the islands are considered rain forests. Multiple volcanoes, including active volcanoes, dot the islands.
2
The original inhabitants of the Islands were known for headhunting and cannibalism. Western explorers attempted to change the culture but there was severe tension because of forcible recruiting and enslavement. The Islands were politically unstable as natives constantly rebelled. The United Kingdom eventually put a stop to these practices, bringing a small degree of stability to the country, although ethnic tensions still plague the Islands.
3
The country experienced an ethnic war over the past decade. Tensions between two different groups, the Guales and Malaitans, led to refugees fleeing to nearby countries and the prime minister being kidnapped and forced to resign. After several years of political unrest, the government invited outside forces to try and stabilize the country. Currently, Australia and New Zealand has troops on the Islands. The official head of state is Queen Elizabeth II.
4
Despite its beauty, The Solomon Islands is not known for its tourism industry. The biggest source of income is fishing and lumber. Other minerals include lead, nickel, and gold. The Islands export dolphins to several countries, although this has generated large amounts of controversy. The government is heavily indebted to major world powers, including China, Australia, and the European Union, and is struggling to repay its financial obligations during the global economic crisis.
5
Education on the islands is limited. Over one hundred languages are spoken on the islands, making it difficult to provide schooling in everyone's native tongue. The government budget is shrinking due to financial difficulties, and trained teachers are rare on the Islands. Two universities, the University of Papua New Guinea and the University of the South Pacific, have campuses on the Islands.

The capital of Solomon Islands is Honiara. The currency of Solomon Islands is the Solomon Islands Dollar(SBD)
Solomon Islands belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Solomon Islands
Honiara - Henderson, Santa Cruz, and Munda


Leaders of Solomon Islands
The Country dialling code of Solomon Islands is +677, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Solomon Islands is .sb
Map of Solomon Islands
Population
566,842
Languages spoken in Solomon Islands
English
Animals native to Solomon Islands / which animals live in Solomon Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Solomon Islands

Airlines in Solomon Islands
Click here for all Airlines in Solomon Islands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Solomon Islands
8 00 S, 159 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
5,313 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
27,540 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
910 square kilometers
Birth rate
29.27 / 1000 population
Death rate
3.87 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 