Spain

Spain is a fascinating country in Europe. Spain is captivating, from the colorful flamingos to the Mediterranean beaches. The people of Spain are called Spaniards. Spanish is the main language spoken, but there are a large number of other languages spoken in different parts of the country, as well. Spain is best known for its romance, culture and architecture. The best time of year to visit Spain is during the months of April, May and June or September, October and November.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Spain has a lot of interesting festivals worth going to. The majority of festivals in Spain are grand and some are modest. There are literally dozens of festivals each year. Many have a religious origin and some festivals are historical. However, all festivals provide an insight into the culture of Spain.
2
Spain is well-known for their first-rate resorts. With all the stunning Mediterranean beaches and fabulous Spanish islands it is easy to see why Spain has so many first-class resorts. But Spain is also known for their excellent top-notch ski resorts. Actually, Spain is one of the most mountainous countries in Europe ranking second only to Switzerland. Therefore, it is not surprising that there are several exclusive ski resorts in Spain.
3
The Spanish are extremely passionate about their wine and food. Spanish food is light with a lot of vegetables. Spanish cuisine does not rely on spices; instead it relies on quality ingredients for great flavor. As such, one may find Spanish food to be bland. However, there are a variety of restaurants in most cities to experience a variety of flavors. Furthermore, Spaniards have a different timetable for eating than most people are used to.
4
Bullfighting is very popular in Spain and viewed as cultural heritage icon. Originally bullfight was a sport for the upper classes, but now thousands of Spaniards flock to the local bullfights every week.
5
Flamenco is a folk art in Spain that is over two hundred years old. Flamenco combines dance, song and guitar into passionate rhythms that are spontaneous and often improvised. The dance has sophisticated footwork and complex patterns of rhythm that emphasis grace and posture.

The capital of Spain is Madrid. The currency of Spain is the Euro(EUR) Flag of Spain


Spain belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Spain
Aeroport de Barcelona - el Prat, Aeropuerto Internacional de Alicante - El Altet, Fuerteventura - Aeropuerto, Hierro - Aeropuerto, La Palma - Aeropuerto, Gran Canaria - Canary Islands, Lanzarote - Aeropuerto, Tenerife Sur, Tenerife - Los Rodeos, Melilla, Albacete - Los Llanos, Almeria - Aeropuerto, Asturias - Aviles, Cordoba - Aeropuerto, Bilbao - Sondica, Burgos - Villafria, Badajoz - Talavera La Real, A Coruña - Alvedro, Aeroport de Girona - Costa Brava, Granada - Aeropuerto, Madrid - Getafe, Ibiza - Es Codola, Jerez De La Fronteraaeropuerto, Murcia - San Javier, Leon - Virgen Del Camino, Madrid - Barajas, Malaga - Aeropuerto, Aeroport de Menorca - Maó, Morón de la Frontera, Palma de Mallorca - Son San Juan, Pamplona - Noain, Murcia - Alcantarilla, Aeroport de Reus, Rota, Salamanca - Matacan, San Sebastián - Fuenterrabía, Santiago - Labacolla, Valencia - Aeropuerto, Valladolid - Villanubla, Vitoria, Vigo - Peinador, Santander - Parayas, Sevilla - San Pablo, Madrid - Torrejon, Madrid - Cuatro Vientos, Zaragoza - Aeropuerto, Aeroclub Cerdanya, Aeropuerto Central Ciudad Real, Logroño-Agonchillo, La Gomera, Flughafen Tenerife South-Reina Sofia, Flughafen Teneriffa Nord, and Huesca-Pirineos - Airport


Leaders of Spain
The Country dialling code of Spain is +34, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Spain is .es
Map of Spain
Population
40,448,191
Languages spoken in Spain
Basque, Catalan, Galician, Occitan, Spanish
Car brands from Spain
a.d. Tramontana, Abadal, Hispano Suiza, Pegaso, Seat, and TZ

Animals native to Spain / which animals live in Spain?
Click here for all Animals in Spain

Airlines in Spain
Click here for all Airlines in Spain
Cruise operators from Spain
Pullmantur Cruises



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Spain
40 00 N, 4 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
4,964 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
499,542 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
5,240 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.98 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.81 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
37,800 sq km 