Spratly Islands
Custom Search
The Spratly Islands are located in the South China Sea off the coasts of the Philippines and Malaysia. Predominately structured by coral reefs, the islands span 4 square kilometers of land and 425,000 square kilometers of sea.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Captain Richard Spratly was the master of the Cyrus South Seaman from 1836 until 1844. Spratly is the namesake of the islands due to his exploration of them.
2
The first human activity is believed to have occurred between 600 BCE to 3 BCE. This information is based on the migration patterns of people of Southern China and Northern Vietnam and the Old Champa Kingdom who migrated from Borneo, leading them through the Spratly Islands.
3
The eco system of the Spratly Islands is in danger in part because of military groups shooting turtles and seabirds inhabiting the islands. Also the military were raising the nests of the animals and fishing with explosives. Recently patrols confiscated 200 kg of potassium cyanide from fishermen using it for fish poisoning.
4
Japan used some of the islands in World War II as a submarine base. At that time they named the islands Shinnan Shoto. The Republic of China sent their navy ships in to take over the islands after Japan surrendered in the war. Japan gave up all claims to the islands in 1951.
5
A cellular phone station was built in 2005 by Smart Communications from the Philippines on Pag-asa Island. China Mobile expanded their mobile phone coverage to the Spratly Islands on May 18, 2011. The reason for their expansion was so military forces who were stationed on the islands and fishermen on merchant vessels would have access to communication, especially in times of emergencies and bad weather conditions.


More countries starting with S

The Country dialling code of Spratly Islands is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Spratly Islands is
Map of Spratly Islands
Population
0
Languages spoken in Spratly Islands
Animals native to Spratly Islands / which animals live in Spratly Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Spratly Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Spratly Islands
8 38 N, 111 55 E
Kilometers of coastline
926 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
5 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 