Suriname
Custom Search
Suriname is a small country that you will find in the northern part of South America. This country was once ruled by the Netherlands, but they finally gained independence in 1975. The Atlantic Ocean borders Suriname in the north.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
One of the best facts to know about Suriname is that it has a tropical climate. The temperature stays close to the same throughout the year. Suriname has two wet seasons and two dry seasons during the year.
2
Even though Suriname is in South America, the majority of the population used to speak Dutch as their native language. English is a language that is widely spoken in the country. Recently though, there has been more immigrants moving into Suriname and more and more people speak a language called Sranang Tongo.
3
Sightseeing is very popular in this country. Almost 33 percent of the country has been dedicated to nature reserves. Because of all of the rivers that are located in Suriname, they have some fantastic waterfalls. They also have several different kinds of wildlife that you may run into during your visit.
4
Suriname has a multitude of places to eat. They have a very diverse culture and it shows in their food. They have restaurants that have been influenced by East Indian food and also by Chinese food. If you choose a more expensive restaurant, you can usually find any type of flavor of food you may want.
5
You usually do not have to take any special shots to protect your health before going there. The main one that would be beneficial to you would be for malaria. You would need this if you plan on visiting their jungles where you will find mosquitoes. There are a lot of things to see in the jungles, so this is something that you may want to do.

The capital of Suriname is Paramaribo. The currency of Suriname is the Surinam Dollar(SRD) Flag of Suriname


Suriname belongs to the South American continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Suriname
Johan A. Pengel


Leaders of Suriname
The Country dialling code of Suriname is +597, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Suriname is .sr
Map of Suriname
Population
470,784
Languages spoken in Suriname
Dutch
Animals native to Suriname / which animals live in Suriname?
Click here for all Animals in Suriname

Airlines in Suriname
Click here for all Airlines in Suriname

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Suriname
4 00 N, 56 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
386 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
161,470 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,800 square kilometers
Birth rate
17.31 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.5 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
510 sq km 