Switzerland

The geographical location of the country of Switzerland is between central Plateau, Jura and Alps. It is landlocked with an area of 15,940 sq mi. Its famous cities are Geneva and Zurich which are well known all over the world for they are economic power houses. It has a population of about eight million with majority of them living in the plateau. This state is well known for its neutrality and thus it has been enjoying peace for many years.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
In the year 2002, Switzerland joined the United Nations league and it is well known for its involvement in peace-building activities all over the world. It hosts many of international organizations one being the UN office. Red Cross is also known to have originated in Switzerland apart from being the founding member of European Free Trade Association.
2
Switzerland has a high per capita gross domestic product making it one of the world's richest countries. It recorded the highest wealth per adult in the year 2010 with each individual having $372,692. It is also known for its highest account balances in terms of percentage over GDP. The cities of Geneva and Zurich hold the second and third positions when it comes to quality of life. Switzerland is ranked the most innovative country in Europe and the most competitive nation world over
3
Switzerland is known to have four cultural and linguistic regions namely French, Romansh, German, and Italian. The current state of Switzerland has been in existence from the time when Swiss federal constitution came into place in the year 1848.
4
The first farming settlements are traced to Gachlingen and it dates back to around 5300BC. A protective alliance was created by predecessors of the current Switzerland towards the end of thirteenth century.
5
Lucerne tourist resort centre is so famous and is counted as one of the most exotic locations within the region.

The capital of Switzerland is Berne. The currency of Switzerland is the Swiss Franc(CHF)
Switzerland belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Switzerland
Aéroport Genève-Cointrin, Sion, Payerne, Lugano, Bern - Belp, Zurich-Kloten, and Saint Gallen-Altenrhein


Leaders of Switzerland
The Country dialling code of Switzerland is +41, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Switzerland is .ch
Map of Switzerland
Population
7,554,661
Languages spoken in Switzerland
French, German, Italian, Romansh
Car brands from Switzerland
Beck, Enzmann, Leblanc, Lizard, Monteverdi, Rinspeed, Sbarro, and Weber Sportscars

Animals native to Switzerland / which animals live in Switzerland?
Click here for all Animals in Switzerland

Airlines in Switzerland
Click here for all Airlines in Switzerland
Cruise operators from Switzerland
MSC Cruises



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Switzerland
47 00 N, 8 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
39,770 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,520 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.66 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.51 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
250 sq km 