Syria
Custom Search
Syria is a nation of dramatic historical turns, and even more dramatic geography. This coastal Middle Eastern nation, which borders Turkey, Iraq, Israel and Lebanon, has been caught in the middle of some of the biggest modern events in the world. However, few people take the time to learn about Syria and its own ancient traditions and cities. Below are five little-known facts about this intriguing nation.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The capital of Syria is Damascus, a city which has been continuously populated since approximately 2000 BC; there is even evidence of settlers around the outskirts of the city as early as 9000 BC. Because of this, Damascus is one of the great hubs of Arab culture and trade, and remains of international importance to this day.
2
Syria was under the rule of the Ottoman Empire from the 16th century up until the Empire's fall in World War I. After that, it became a French mandate until 1946, when the country was given its independence. After a series of military coupes, Syria joined forces with Egypt before going their separate ways in 1961. Since 1967, Syria has been under the rule of the Assad family and, while technically a Republic, recognizes no opposition parties.
3
The apostle Paul, one of the most prominent of the early Christian missionaries, was walking to Damascus when he claimed to have received a vision and converted to Christianity. Today, the majority of the Syrian population are Sunni Muslims, but about 10% are Christians.
4
The climate of Syria, thanks to its mountains and coast, can vary wildly over even a few miles. Landscapes range from green and fertile to harsh, dry and icy. The coast, which holds the majority of Syria's population, experiences hot summers and milder, rainy winters.
5
The symbol of Syria is the hawk, which has traditionally been used in hunting and represents the fierce independence of the people of this dry land. Syria is fittingly home to the oldest known sculpture of a hawk, which dates back to 10,000 BC.

The capital of Syria is Damascus.
Syria belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with S

Airports in Syria
Khafr Bu at Ta?ta, Aleppo International Airport, Damascus Int. Airport, Deir Ezzor, Kamishli, Lattakia, and Palmyra


Leaders of Syria
The Country dialling code of Syria is +963, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Syria is .sy

List of oil fields in Syria (1)
Map of Syria
Population
19,314,747
Languages spoken in Syria
Arabic
Animals native to Syria / which animals live in Syria?
Click here for all Animals in Syria



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Syria
35 00 N, 38 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
193 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
184,050 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,130 square kilometers
Birth rate
27.19 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.74 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
13,330 sq km 