Tajikistan
Custom Search
Tajikistan is a landlocked country that is in Central Asia. It has neighboring countries with Afganistan in the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China which is to the east. Tajikistan offers its travellers a lot of interesting history that they might not be aware of. Here are some interesting facts about the country of Tajikistan:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
When Russia was in Tajikistan during the civil war, there were russian soldiers that reportedly seen the real live snow yeti. The snow yeti is also known as the 'Abominable Snowman.' The reports of this happening were apparently in the Pamir Mountains. If you ever happen to be in the Pamir Mountains watch out for the real life abominable snowman!
2
Tajikistan is a country that is over 90% mountainous. That's a lot of mountains! The highest point is known as Ismoli Somoni which is appoximately 7,495 meters. Ismoli Somoni was an ancient ruler that had the mountain named after him. He was also an important figure in Tajikistan's past if you study the history of Tajikistan.
3
In the ancient times Fergana Valley in Tajikistan had some of the best horses in all of Asia and Europe. Europeans would make the long journey just to get some of these horses. While it is no longer so, the place still offers tourists a great place to learn about the history of Tajikistan.
4
Another interesting fact about Tajikistan is that the major trade route known as 'The silk road' passed through Tajikistan. In times past, the silk road was a major trade route that was made between China and all of Europe. It was how Europe was able to get spices and other brilliant trinkets from east.
5
Iskanderkul Lake located in Tajikistan that was actually named after the brilliant war conquerer Alexander the Great. If you happen to be in Tajikistan it is certainly worth a visit. The lake is stunningly beautiful and you won't regret giving it a visit.

The capital of Tajikistan is Dushanbe. The currency of Tajikistan is the Somoni(TJS) Flag of Tajikistan


Tajikistan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Tajikistan
Dushanbe


Leaders of Tajikistan
The Country dialling code of Tajikistan is +992, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Tajikistan is .tj
Map of Tajikistan
Population
7,076,598
Languages spoken in Tajikistan
Tajik
Animals native to Tajikistan / which animals live in Tajikistan?
Click here for all Animals in Tajikistan



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Tajikistan
39 00 N, 71 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
142,700 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
400 square kilometers
Birth rate
27.33 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.05 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
7,220 sq km 