Togo
Custom Search
Togo is a country located in West Africa that is a little more than 20,000 square miles in size, making it the smallest country in the world. It is home to 6,7 million people and French is the native language. Togo depends heavily on its agriculture; therefore, its tropical climate allows for thriving coffee, cacao and cotton crops.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Togolese people carry everything on their heads, so whether its a single banana or an entire bushel of them, you will find it firmly planted and perfectly balanced atop of one's head.
2
Market vendors expect, and even invite, haggling over market prices because there is no regulation. For instance, a loaf of bread could cost a quarter while a box of Raisin Bran cereal might be priced upwards of $8.
3
The Togo flag consists of five alternating bars of green and yellow, a red square in the upper left, and a five-pointed white star in the middle. The five bars represent the five regions of Togo. The red color represents charity; the white purity; the green agriculture, and the yellow mineral wealth (mining).
4
The cuisine in Togo is wide in variety and is heavily influenced by its former French occupation. This influence can be seen in many of their dishes, especially the sauces. Due to a relatively strong agriculture, the Togolese people enjoy a number of different grains and root vegetables. Breakfast is a porridge eaten with a ball of dough that tastes like a doughnut. Lunch consists of white rice and tomato sauce with smoked fish or ham. La Pete is a staple in Togo made of rice and corn and formed into a dough. It is eaten often because it is very filling.
5
Soccer is the most popular sport in Togo. In 2006 Togo qualified to play in the World Cup.

The capital of Togo is Lomé. The currency of Togo is the CFA Franc BCEAO †(XOF) Flag of Togo


Togo is an African country


More countries starting with T

Airports in Togo
Niamtougou, and Lome


Leaders of Togo
The Country dialling code of Togo is +228, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Togo is .tg
Map of Togo
Population
5,701,579
Languages spoken in Togo
French
Animals native to Togo / which animals live in Togo?
Click here for all Animals in Togo

Airlines in Togo
Click here for all Airlines in Togo

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Togo
8 00 N, 1 10 E
Kilometers of coastline
56 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
54,385 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
2,400 square kilometers
Birth rate
36.83 / 1000 population
Death rate
9.65 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
70 sq km 