Tonga
Custom Search
The Kingdom of Tonga, known as the Friendly Islands, stretches along 740 square kilometers of the South Pacific. Tonga consists of over 170 islands of which nearly 50 remain uninhabited. Stories of how the kingdom came to be are accounts deeply rooted in mythology and Tongan legend.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
According to mythological tales, Polynesian god, Tangaloa, pulled the islands of Tonga from the sea using a tortoiseshell and whalebone fishhook. During the god's fishing expedition, the tortoiseshell and fishhook ripped an opening in the island of Naupapu. The fishing line snapped and pieces of the island fell into the sea, leaving the islands of today.
2
Another mythological tale gives credit for Tonga's creation to Maui, a half mortal, half god. According to this legend, Maui borrowed a fishhook from an old man named, Tonga. The god pulled the islands from the sea and named the largest island after the man who made the fishhook.
3
Based on Tongan legend, the first Tongan ruler was born of a sun god, Tangaloa and a beautiful mortal named, 'Illaheva. Around AD 950, Tangaloa captured 'Illaheva as she fished on a little islet near Tongatapu. She gave birth to a son named, 'Aho'eitu, the first in a long line Tu'is.
4
After a heroic battle, Tongan warriors would feast on the bodies of their enemies to absorb their foes power. In the 19th century, the acceptance of Christianity led to the banning of the act. However, the tradition briefly continued in the 20th century. According to reports, Tongan natives ate two Presbyterian missionaries on May 8, 1910.
5
Based on the reception Captain James Cook received upon arrival in Tonga, he dubbed the kingdom as the Friendly Islands. According to written accounts, Cook was hasty in his observation. The Tongan chiefs wanted to kill Cook and his officers, but could not agree on the method or time of attack.

The capital of Tonga is Nuku'alofa. The currency of Tonga is the Pa'anga(TOP) Flag of Tonga


Tonga belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Tonga
Fua'Amotu, Haapai, and Lupepau'u


Leaders of Tonga
The Country dialling code of Tonga is +676, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Tonga is .to
Map of Tonga
Population
116,921
Languages spoken in Tonga
English, Tongan
Animals native to Tonga / which animals live in Tonga?
Click here for all Animals in Tonga

Airlines in Tonga
Click here for all Airlines in Tonga

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Tonga
20 00 S, 175 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
419 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
718 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
30 square kilometers
Birth rate
23.67 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.2 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 