Trinidad and Tobago
Custom Search
Often referred to as the twin islands of the Caribbean, Trinidad and Tobago are situated less than 10 miles off the eastern coastline of South America. Trinidad and Tobago were granted independence from Great Britain in 1976 and 1987 respectively. Aside from the fact they are the wealthiest of all islands in the Caribbean, their main economic source is not tourism, and the adult literacy rate in terms of speaking, reading and writing in English ranks higher than that of the U.S., five things you might not know about Trinidad and Tobago are:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Trinidad is considered to be one of the wealthiest economies in the world. Trinidad, home to the world's largest natural gas production plant, supplies two-thirds of the natural gas used in the United States. Oil, has been produced in Trinidad since 1912. The first oil well was drilled around 1866.
2
In the world of sports, record holders are native sons of Trinidad and Tobago. The list includes a world record holder for cricket. Olympic medalists include the silver 100 meter winner of the 2008 games held in Beijing and the silver medal weightlifting champion of the 1948 Olympics held in London. 2007 saw the Trinidadian soccer team win a place in the World Cup competition which took place in Germany.
3
Two popular dances performed in America, the limbo and the calypso, owe their birth to Trinidad and Tobago. This unique blend of West African and East Indian rhythms gained world attention though the music of Harry Belefonte.
4
Tobago, a mecca for deep-sea diving enthusiasts, is home to a coral formation estimated to be around 900 years old. This 10 foot tall formation with a 16 foot diameter is known as the brain coral due to its resemblance to the human brain. Creatures such as dolphins and nurse sharks are often spotted during dives.
5
It is against the law to wear camouflage clothing or clothing of camouflage design.

The capital of Trinidad and Tobago is Port of Spain. The currency of Trinidad and Tobago is the Trinidad and Tobago Dollar(TTD) Flag of Trinidad and Tobago


Trinidad and Tobago belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Trinidad and Tobago
Waller Field, Crown Point Airport, and Piarco International Airport, Trinidad


Leaders of Trinidad and Tobago
The Country dialling code of Trinidad and Tobago is +1 868, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Trinidad and Tobago is .tt

List of oil fields in Trinidad and Tobago (5)
Map of Trinidad and Tobago
Population
1,056,608
Languages spoken in Trinidad and Tobago
English
Animals native to Trinidad and Tobago / which animals live in Trinidad and Tobago?
Click here for all Animals in Trinidad and Tobago

Airlines in Trinidad and Tobago
Click here for all Airlines in Trinidad and Tobago

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Trinidad and Tobago
11 00 N, 61 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
362 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
5,128 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
13.07 / 1000 population
Death rate
10.76 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
40 sq km 