Tromelin Island
Custom Search
Tromelin Island is surrounded by beautiful coral reefs and the miraculous blue waters of the Indian Ocean. The island was discovered in 1776 by the French when their boat hit the coral reefs surrounding the island, and they were forced to board a floatable raft and make their way to Tromelin. Today Tromelin remains not open to tourism and a beautiful sanctuary for sea tortoises and sea birds.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The easiest way to gain access to the island is on Tromelin's unpaved, dirt landing strip for aircraft's. The island has no harbors, so the only way to get there by water is to anchor your boat off shore and swim in or board a smaller boat.
2
The only building on the entire island is a meteorological station that helps conduct tests and reports for upcoming hurricanes and cyclones. The only accommodations on Tromelin are not open to the public, but to the workers at the meteorological station.
3
Tromelin is a volcanic island. It contains volcanic rocks that are categorized in the Pyroclastic rock group. These particular rocks are from the aftermath of a volcanic explosion.
4
The island has zero pastures, permanent crops, or forests. The only type of arable land on Tromelin are the scattered bushes located across the length of the island. The only area that these bushes do not grow are on the sandy white beaches of Tromelin and the aircraft landing strip.
5
The herbaceous plants is one of the main plants on Tromelin island. It only grows during certain times of the year, after their season is up, they go back into the soil so they can come again the following year.


More countries starting with T

The Country dialling code of Tromelin Island is , and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Tromelin Island is
Map of Tromelin Island
Population
0
Languages spoken in Tromelin Island
Animals native to Tromelin Island / which animals live in Tromelin Island?
Click here for all Animals in Tromelin Island



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Tromelin Island
15 52 S, 54 25 E
Kilometers of coastline
3.7 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
1 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
/ 1000 population
Death rate
/ 1000 population
Irrigated land
0 sq km 