Tunisia
Custom Search
Tunisia, the home of Carthage, which was one of the thriving ancient cities of the Medieval Time, is a beautiful country with a great historical past. This is the country that brought forth one of the greatest military leaders, Hannibal. The country lies on the Meditarranean coast of Africa. It is by far the most advanced Arabic nation, in terms of political and human rights for women among all the Arabic countries. So, if you are looking for a mild climate to escape the harshness of winter, then Tunisia is definitely a country to consider.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Most people who visit Tunisia fly to Djerba, the largest island of this beautiful country. It has the largest tourist resort bordering the Northern Africa coastline of Tunisia. Djerba, with its mild climate in winter, is best to visit in the off-season, if you would like to avoid a mass of people. Djerba is also easily accessible to the mainland and it has many attractions to offer. One of them is the Synagogue, which is reportedly built from stones taken from the temple of Jerusalem erected by King Solomon.
2
Zarzis, a small town in the southeast of Tunisia, was once the rest and recuperation resort area for the French soldiers and their families. Olive trees can be seen throughout the city. If you are looking for reasonable priced hotels, you may want to consider Zarzis. It lies south of Djerba and it is easy to make a day trip to the Djerba Island from Zarzis.
3
Nabeul, an old fifth century city that has the Phoenicians to thank for its town planning, has some of the most valuable Punic ruins. You will find the Kerkuane and its Necropolis, which was built by the Phoenicians. It is also the city of pottery, which it is famous for. Nabeul is a small but has wealth, and you will find reasonable prices throughout the city.
4
If you want to know what Carthage was like before it was totally destroyed by the Romans, visit the ancient Punic Port located there, and let your mind visualize the past. Carthage, located on the eastern side of Lake Tunis, is the home of some of the ruins of Carthage and a national museum.
5
When you visit Tunisia, please take the time to visit the Medina of Tunis, located in the captial city. The Medina of Tunis is comparable to the French Quarter in New Orleans, Louisiana. It is the old quarter of the city. The Medina offers you the opportunity to sink youself into the life of a Tunisian as you visit the flea market, its many historic sights, and observe the life of the inhabitants who live in the surrounding areas of this wonderful quarter of Tunis.

The capital of Tunisia is Tunis. The currency of Tunisia is the Tunisian Dinar(TND) Flag of Tunisia


Tunisia is an African country


More countries starting with T

Airports in Tunisia
Tabarka, Habib Bourguiba, Tunis-Carthage, Bizerte, Remada, Gafsa, Gabes, Djerba Mellita, Kairouan, El Borma, Sfax El-Maou, Tozeur, and Zine El Abidine Ben Ali International Airport


Leaders of Tunisia
The Country dialling code of Tunisia is +216, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Tunisia is .tn

List of oil fields in Tunisia (2)
Map of Tunisia
Population
10,276,158
Languages spoken in Tunisia
Arabic
Animals native to Tunisia / which animals live in Tunisia?
Click here for all Animals in Tunisia

Airlines in Tunisia
Click here for all Airlines in Tunisia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Tunisia
34 00 N, 9 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,148 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
155,360 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
8,250 square kilometers
Birth rate
15.54 / 1000 population
Death rate
5.17 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
3,940 sq km 