Turkmenistan
Custom Search
Located in Central Asia, Turkmenistan is a country that was part of the Soviet Union up until 1991. It is the 52nd largest country in the world and is home to the world's fourth largest oil reserves and one of the world's largest sand deserts. While these may be a few of the more well known facts about Turkmenistan, the following includes 5 things you might not have known about this Central Asian country.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Turkmenistan has a rock plateau that is imprinted with dinasour footprints. Turkmenistan's Kugitang Reserve is the home where dinasour footprints still remain etched in stone even thousands of years after their extinction.
2
Turkmenistan is very well known for breeding horses. Their famous horse breed, the Akhal-Teke, were once known as war horses only to become known today for their racing skills. Akhal-Teke horses are bred in the southern park of Turkmenistan.
3
Since the early times of Turkmenistan, pastoral nomads have roamed this country and still do to this very day. These nomads live in collapsible tents that are called yurtas.
4
Along with being the home to the Karakum desert which covers 80% of the country and is known as one of the world's largest sand deserts, Turkmenistan borders the Caspian Sea, which is the world's largest enclosed body of water. The Caspian Sea is entirely landlocked and has no access to the ocean.
5
Turkmenistan is considered to be one of the 10 Most Censored Countries. This country also has the 3rd worst press freedom conditions and is considered to be a country that is one of the biggest human rights abusers. Discrimination against its minorities is still a popular practice in Turkmenistan.

The capital of Turkmenistan is Ashgabat. The currency of Turkmenistan is the Manat(TMT) Flag of Turkmenistan


Turkmenistan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Turkmenistan
Ashgabat


Leaders of Turkmenistan
The Country dialling code of Turkmenistan is +993, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Turkmenistan is .tm
Map of Turkmenistan
Population
5,097,028
Languages spoken in Turkmenistan
Turkmen
Animals native to Turkmenistan / which animals live in Turkmenistan?
Click here for all Animals in Turkmenistan



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Turkmenistan
40 00 N, 60 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
488,100 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
NEGL square kilometers
Birth rate
25.36 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.17 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
18,000 sq km 