Turkey
Custom Search
Turkey is a country that is located at the crossroads of Europe and Asia, and this provides an exciting blend of the two cultures. This country has changed hands between these two forces throughout history, and Constantinople has been known as Istanbul and vice versa for many of this country's years. This is a result of the Christian and Muslim rule that has been found in the country at various times throughout its history. Here are five facts about the country that may not be known:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Turkey is located in a geographic area that is one of the oldest inhabited places on the planet. Settlements that are found throughout the country are considered by archaeologists to be some of the earliest human civilizations on the planet. The country is home to numerous ruins and sites that are the subject of modern excavations.
2
The modern Turkish state was founded on September 18, 1922 as a result of the leadership of Mustafa Kemai Pasha. This country was neutral for most of the Second World War, but joined the Allies on February 23, 1945.
3
Tourism is extremely popular in Turkey, and visitors often choose to see this city that straddles the European continent and Muslim Asia. In 2008, there were 31 million people who visited, and they contributed $22 billion to Turkey's economy. The country also makes a host of products which include automobiles and electronics. Agriculture accounts for approximately 30% of the economy, and this country is famous for its tobacco.
4
Turkey is home to nearly 72 million people, and it includes a mix of different ethnic groups. The majority of the citizens are Turks, 75%, but there are also a variety of minorities such as Jews, Greeks and Armenians.
5
Turkey is one of the newest member of the European Union, and this cements this country's place in history for being in the middle of Muslim and non-Muslim politics. The country is active in local politics of the mid-East and is a peace broker between Europeans and Muslims.

The capital of Turkey is Ankara. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish Lira(TRY) Flag of Turkey


Turkey belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Turkey
Güvercinlik, Ankara - Guvercin Lik, Ankara - Esenboga, Murted Tur-Afb, Adana - Sakirpasa, Afyon, Antalya, Gaziantep, Iskenderun, Konya, Merzifon, Samsun, Sivas, Malatya - Erhac, Kayseri - Erkilet, Sivrihisar, Tokat, Cardak, Nevsehir, Istanbul - Ataturk, Balikesir, Bandirma, Canakkale, Eskisehir, Izmir - Adnan Menderes, Izmir - Cigli, Isparta, Usak, Topel Tur-Afb, Bursa - Yenisehir, Mil-Civ, Dalaman, Akhisar, Corlu, Bodrum, Elazig, Diyarbakir, Erzincan, Erzurum, Kars, Trabzon, Urfa, Van, Batman, Mus Tur-Afb, Suleyman Demirel, Bodrum Milas Airport, Samsun - Carsamba, Istanbul - Sabiha Gokcen, Etimesgut Havaalani, Adana - Incirlik, Izmir Kaklic, Mardin, Adiyaman, Flughafen Istanbul Atatürk, Flughafen Istanbul-Sabiha Gökçen, Van Ferit Melen Havaalani, Mus Havaalani, Siirt Havaalani, Mardin Havaalani, and Batman Havaalani


Leaders of Turkey
The Country dialling code of Turkey is +90, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Turkey is .tr

List of oil fields in Turkey (5)
Map of Turkey
Population
71,158,647
Languages spoken in Turkey
Turkish
Animals native to Turkey / which animals live in Turkey?
Click here for all Animals in Turkey

Airlines in Turkey
Click here for all Airlines in Turkey

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Turkey
39 00 N, 35 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
7,200 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
770,760 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
9,820 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.4 / 1000 population
Death rate
6 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
52,150 sq km 