Turks and Caicos Islands
Custom Search
When going on a vacation it is important to choose a place where you can be comfortable and have fun. Many people find the tropics one of the best places to do this. A wonderful destination is the beautiful Turks and Caicos Islands. Before packing your bags, there are a few things that you should know about.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The Turks Caicos string is made up of eight main islands. There are also, however a string of over three hundred smaller uninhabited cays and islets. The diverse selection of places to see make for great adventure and exploration.
2
The islands were first documented to be sighted by Ponce de Leon in 1512. After that, the islands passed through Spanish, French and British hands. Despite the transfer of ownership, none of the countries developed an significant settlements on the islands.
3
The official language of the islands is English. A large number of the native population speak a version of creole that is specific to the islands. Immigration has also created fairly large communities that speak both Spanish and Haitian Creole.
4
The islands are well known for their distinctive music style. Known as ripsaw, the style gets its name from the primary instrument in the music style being a common handsaw. The type resembles the rake-and-scrape style of the Bahamas and often includes percussion instruments such as drums and triangles.
5
The economy of the islands is based almost completely around its tourist trade. This means that the islands include a number of popular restaurants and clubs to be enjoyed. A few celebrities enjoy the islands so much they have built homes on them. Since 2003 they have hosted an annual culture and music festival.

The capital of Turks and Caicos Islands is Cockburn Town. The currency of Turks and Caicos Islands is the US Dollar(USD)
Turks and Caicos Islands belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Turks and Caicos Islands
Providenciales

The Country dialling code of Turks and Caicos Islands is +1 649, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Turks and Caicos Islands is .tc
Map of Turks and Caicos Islands
Population
21,746
Languages spoken in Turks and Caicos Islands
Animals native to Turks and Caicos Islands / which animals live in Turks and Caicos Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Turks and Caicos Islands

Airlines in Turks and Caicos Islands
Click here for all Airlines in Turks and Caicos Islands

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Turks and Caicos Islands
21 45 N, 71 35 W
Kilometers of coastline
389 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
430 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
21.48 / 1000 population
Death rate
4.23 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 