Tuvalu
Custom Search
Tuvalu is an island nation off of the western Pacific Ocean, northerly of Fiji. It is positioned halfway between Australia and Hawaii. Tuvalu consists of four ridge isles and five veritable cays. The closest nationals of Tuvalu are Kiribati, Nauru, Samoa, and Fiji. The original residents of Tuvalu were Polynesian people. In the year of 1568, a Spanish route finder by the name of Alvaro de Mendana drifted through the islets and is known to have spotted Nui in the course of a voyage while searching for Terra Australis. The name Ellice pertained to all nine atolls after the exertion of an English hydrographer, Alexander George Findlay in the year of 1819. The Ellice Islands were professed a British province by Captain Gibson. The country of Tuvalu has a rich history. Below are five things you may not know about Tuvalu.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Peruvian slave riders, also known as blackbirders, scoured the Pacific between 1862 and 1865, embracing the southern islands of Tuvalu, in pursuit of laborers to hew the guano accretions on the Chincha Islands in Peru.
2
When Elekana, a deacon of a Congregational church in Manihiki, Cook Islands became ensnared in a tempest and coasted for eight weeks disembarking at Nukulaelae, Christianity was brought to Tuvalu. This was in the year of 1861.
3
In the mid-nineteenth century, interchange assemblies became lively in Tuvalu. The interchange businesses involved palagi merchants who resided on the isles. Some isles would have rival merchants with arid isles.
4
In the year of 1841, the United States Exploring Expedition stayed at Funafuti, Nukufetau, and Vaitupu. During this stay, an engraver and illustrator by the name of Alfred Thomas Agate chronicled the clothing and tattoo designs of men that dwelled in Nukufetau.
5
Queen Elizabeth ll is Tuvalu's head of state and shoulders the title Queen of Tuvalu. She is represented by a Governor General, who was selected by the Queen per the guidance of the nation's chosen Prime Minister.

The capital of Tuvalu is Vaiaku. The currency of Tuvalu is the Australian Dollar(AUD) Flag of Tuvalu


Tuvalu belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with T

Airports in Tuvalu
Funafuti


Leaders of Tuvalu
The Country dialling code of Tuvalu is +688, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Tuvalu is .tv
Map of Tuvalu
Population
11,992
Languages spoken in Tuvalu
English, Tuvaluan
Animals native to Tuvalu / which animals live in Tuvalu?
Click here for all Animals in Tuvalu



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Tuvalu
8 00 S, 178 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
24 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
26 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
22.43 / 1000 population
Death rate
7 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 