United Arab Emirates

5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Arabic is the official language of United Arab Emirates. English, Hindi, Urdu, and Persian are also widely spoken there. Islam is the official religion, however, the constitution guarantees freedom of religion. There are a few Christian churches within the borders. Schools teach in the Arabic language with the English language offered in early grades with more advanced English offered in later grades.
2
The government of United Arab Emirates encourages marriages to nationals as marriages of native men to non native women is increasing. The government feels this is a threat to national culture and is promoting marriages to native citizens. Arranged marriages are still the norm, with women marrying their cousins or someone in their own class, which is considered acceptable.
3
Sports such as horse and camel racing and falconry are popular with the population and have long standing traditions. Soccer is a new sport to the area and is becoming increasingly popular. Internationally known competitions are held every year in the sports of golf, horse racing, tennis, and power boat races.
4
Females make up only thirteen percent of the workforce. Most women stay home and take care of the children, making childcare facilities extremely rare. Many older women still wear the traditional black abaya and facemask called a burka. This traditional clothing is becoming more uncommon among younger women. Men wear white loose fitting clothing called dishdasha. Much of the food is traditional Arab dishes, but American fast food is becoming increasingly popular in the heavily populated cities.
5
United Arab Emirates is mostly a desert country with temperatures during the summer months commonly reaching 120 F. Most households have air-conditioning as compared to 40 years ago when air conditioning was less common. There are still some Nomadic Bedouins that roam the desert and live in tents.

The capital of United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi. The currency of United Arab Emirates is the UAE Dirham(AED) Flag of United Arab Emirates


United Arab Emirates belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with U

Airports in United Arab Emirates
Abu Dhabi International Airport, Abu Dhabi Bateen Airport, Al Ain International Airport, Dubai International Airport, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah International Airport, and Sharjah International Airport


Leaders of United Arab Emirates
The Country dialling code of United Arab Emirates is +971, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of United Arab Emirates is .ae

List of oil fields in United Arab Emirates (23)
Map of United Arab Emirates
Population
4,444,011
Languages spoken in United Arab Emirates
Arabic
Animals native to United Arab Emirates / which animals live in United Arab Emirates?
Click here for all Animals in United Arab Emirates

Airlines in United Arab Emirates
Click here for all Airlines in United Arab Emirates

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of United Arab Emirates
24 00 N, 54 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,318 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
83,600 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
16.09 / 1000 population
Death rate
2.16 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
760 sq km 