Uganda
Custom Search
Once referred to as the pearl of Africa by Winston Churchhill, Uganda is among Africa's finest tourist spots despite recent political turmoil. People are willing to risk the chance of political insurgency because Uganda has so much to offer those willing to take a chance on visiting. The following are five things you might not know about Uganda, but help to contribute to its hidden charm:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Although Uganda is located in Africa, its national language is actually English. This allows tourists visiting from the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom a much easier time communicating with locals compared to what would be experienced in surrounding countries. However, other languages such as Ganda and Arabic are spoken too.
2
One of the major tourist draws in Uganda is Uganda's natural resources. Uganda is filled with National Parks and an abundance of wildlife. The gorillas found in the mountains of Uganda are an incredibly rare species, making for a particular strong draw for tourists and visitors. Gorilla safaris are offered as the best way to see the animals up close.
3
In addition to rare gorillas, Uganda is inhabited by more birds per mile than any other country in Africa. Uganda is reported to have just over 1000 different species of birds living within its borders. This figure contains nearly half of all total bird species found in Africa.
4
Besides animals, Uganda is a very fertile environment for plants. Not only are pineapples grown in Uganda, but entire banana plantations pepper the landscape. Uganda takes environmental conservation seriously, as for every tree cut down, three more are required to be planted in its place.
5
As an offshoot into cultural semantics, when asking for the location of the nearest restroom, locals may in return ask if your intended business in the bathroom is a long-call or short-call. What the local is trying to discern in their efforts to help you is if you need to go number one or if you need to go number two.

The capital of Uganda is Kampala. The currency of Uganda is the Uganda Shilling(UGX) Flag of Uganda


Uganda is an African country


More countries starting with U

Airports in Uganda
Arua, Entebbe Airport, Gulu, Jinja, Kasese, Mbarara, Masindi, Soroti, and Tororo


Leaders of Uganda
The Country dialling code of Uganda is +256, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Uganda is .ug
Map of Uganda
Population
30,262,610
Languages spoken in Uganda
English
Animals native to Uganda / which animals live in Uganda?
Click here for all Animals in Uganda

Airlines in Uganda
Click here for all Airlines in Uganda

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Uganda
1 00 N, 32 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
199,710 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
36,330 square kilometers
Birth rate
48.12 / 1000 population
Death rate
12.64 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
90 sq km 