Ukraine
Custom Search
The former Soviet Republic of Ukraine has emerged as a powerful independent nation. The now autonomous country has been able to adopt its own ways and write its own history one day at a time. Throughout the years of wars, changes of rule and economic turmoil, the pride of the Ukrainian people has persisted. Here are 5 interesting facts about Ukraine:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Ukraine is a country rich in natural resources. Approximately 5% of the world's mineral supply can be found here. An abundant supply of chromium, mercury, bauxite and phosphate can be found within this nation's borders.
2
The country has one of the highest rates of literacy in the world. Nearly every person in Ukraine aged 15 years and older has at least basic reading and writing skills.
3
A number of famous people were born in Ukraine. Famous actors include Jack Palance (born Volodymyr Palahniuk), Milla Jovovich and Mila Kunis. Ukrainian-born Vitali Klitschko is a world champion heavyweight boxer. Oksana Baiul, who won the women's figure skating event during the 1994 Olympic Winter Games, was also born here.
4
Kiev, the capital city of Ukraine, has the deepest subway station in the world. Arsenalna metro station is deep underground at a total depth of 105,5 meters.
5
The Ukrainian flag is comprised of two large stripes; the top half is a blue stripe, while the bottom half is a bright yellow stripe. The blue stripe is used to symbolize the sky, and the yellow stripe symbolizes the country's abundance of golden fields of wheat. The design for the flag was adopted in 1992 shortly after the collapse of the Soviet Union.

The capital of Ukraine is Kiev. The currency of Ukraine is the Hryvnia(UAH) Flag of Ukraine


Ukraine belongs to the European continent


More countries starting with U

Airports in Ukraine
Boryspil, Donetsk, Dnipropetrovs'k, Zaporizhzhia - Mokraya, Krivyy Rih - Dnipropetrovs'k, Simferopol, Kharkiv, Cherkasy, Kyiv, Hostomel, Ivano-Frankivsk, L'viv, Chernovsty, Rivne, Uzhhorod, Mykolaiv, and Odesa


Leaders of Ukraine
The Country dialling code of Ukraine is +380, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Ukraine is .ua
Map of Ukraine
Population
46,299,862
Languages spoken in Ukraine
Ukrainian
Animals native to Ukraine / which animals live in Ukraine?
Click here for all Animals in Ukraine

Airlines in Ukraine
Click here for all Airlines in Ukraine

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Ukraine
49 00 N, 32 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
2,782 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
603,700 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
9.45 / 1000 population
Death rate
16.07 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
22,080 sq km 