United States

The United States of America is a country whose diversity tells of a remarkable uniqueness. America's people of various ethnicities now live together in freedom and tolerance, and that is a testament to the strength of the foundation upon which the Declaration of Independence was created. When it was ratified in 1776, however, there were specific groups of people to whom liberty and justice were denied. African Americans and Native Americans were among those groups, and there are little-known facts about the two groups and about the Declaration itself, that make compelling reading.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The United States of America celebrates July 4th as Independence Day, but the vote for independence actually occurred on July 2nd, 1776. Congress adopted the document on July 4th, and the majority of officials signed their names on August 2nd at the formal signing ceremony.
2
Freedom and democracy are linked in many people's minds, but the United States of America is not a democracy - it is a republic. The Founding Fathers insisted on making that distinction, and the two houses of Congress were created as a counterbalancing measure.
3
Even though African slaves were originally excluded from the Declaration of Independence, a number of their religious practices - and some of their words - influenced white Americans. The quintessential American word, 'OK', is a slave word.
4
The Tuskegee Airmen were enfranchised descendants of the very slaves who were treated as non-entities within the Declaration of Independence. They distinguished themselves during WWII by winning nearly 900 medals - many of which were the military's highest honors.
5
Forty-five years after the United States signed the Declaration of Independence - a document that did not recognize his people - a Cherokee man single-handedly created a Cherokee alphabet. Sequoyah used a different symbol to represent each Cherokee sound. This alphabet allowed his people to write and read their language, and he demonstrated the very qualities that make the United States of America great: Drive, determination, energy and vision.

The capital of United States is Washington. The currency of United States is the US Dollar(USD) Flag of United States


United States belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with U

List of seas in United States
Arctic Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico, Northwest Straits, Pacific Ocean, and the Salish Sea

The Country dialling code of United States is +1, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of United States is .us

List of oil fields in United States (4860)
Map of United States
Population
301,139,947
Languages spoken in United States
English, Carolinian, Chamorro, French, Hawaiian, Samoan, Spanish
Car brands from United States
Ajax, AM General, Ambassador, AMC, American, American Underslung, Apollo, Apperson, Arnolt, Auburn, Avanti, Brewster, Briscoe, Brush, Buick, Cadillac, Case, Chadwick, Chandler, Checker, Chevrolet, Chrysler, Comet, Continental, Cord, Cunningham, Dagmar, Davis, De Soto, Diana, Dodge, Dort, Du Pont, Duesenberg, Durant, Duryea, Eagle, Edsel, Elcar, EMF, Eshelman, Fageol, Firestone-Columbus, Fisker, Fitch, Flint, Ford, Franklin, Gardner, Geo, GM, Graham, Grant, Gray, Griffith, HAL, Hertz, Hudson, Hupmobile, Imperial, Jeep, Jordan, Kaiser, Keller, Kissel, Knox, La Fayette, La Salle, Lexington, Lincoln, Locomobile, Lozier, Marmon, Martin, Maxwell, Mercer, Mercury, Merkur, Mitchell, Mohs, Mosler, Muntz, Nash, National, Oakland, Oldsmobile, Overland, Packard, Paige, Panoz, Paterson, Pennsylvania, Phantom Corsair, Pierce-Arrow, Piontek, Playboy, Plymouth, Pontiac, Qvale, Rambler, RCH, Revere, Rickenbacker, Roamer, Saleen, Saturn, Saxon, Scripps-Booth, Shelby, Shelby Super Cars, Stanley, Stearns Knight, Stephens, Studebaker, Stutz, Tesla, Tucker, Twombly, Vector, Velie, Waltham, Wills Sainte Claire, Willys, Willys-Overland, and Woodill

Animals native to United States / which animals live in United States?
Click here for all Animals in United States

Airlines in United States
Click here for all Airlines in United States
Phone manufacturers in United States
Motorola, and Kyocera International

Cruise operators from United States
Commodore Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean International, Seabourn Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., Paul Gauguin Cruises, and Regent Seven Seas Cruises



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of United States
38 00 N, 97 00 W
Related micronations
Conch Republic
Molossia
Northern Forest Archipelago
Rose Island
Kilometers of coastline
19,924 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
9,161,923 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
664,707 square kilometers
Birth rate
14.16 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.26 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
223,850 sq km 