Uzbekistan
Custom Search
Uzbekistan is the heart of central Asia, an ancient and mysterious land that languished for decades under Russian political control. Now that Uzbekistan has finally come into its own, it's attracting attention from travelers fascinated by its myriad cultural and archeological sites. In 2005, just under a quarter of a million tourists visited Uzbekistan and that number continues to grow every year. Here are some interesting things you may not know about Uzbekistan.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Genetic analysis suggests that Uzbekistan was a cradle for modern humans 100,000 years ago, once they migrated out of Africa. Stone age tools have been discovered throughout Uzbekistan that are at least 6,000 years old.
2
Three of the fabled Silk Road's most famous destinations are in Uzbekistan: Samarkand, Bukhara and Tashkent. Today, these cities still host fabulous souks, or markets, where you can buy silks, jewels, beautiful mosaics and exquisitely embroidered wall-hangings and cushion covers.
3
The city of Samarkand is over 2,500 years old, and served as Timur the Great's capital city. Timur, known as Tamerlane in English, was the 14th century conqueror who vanquished the Mongol Dynasty. The Mughal Dynasty, founded by Timur, thrived in India well into the 19th century.
4
Geographers call Uzbekistan a 'doubly landlocked' country, which is to say it is completely surrounded by other landlocked countries. The only other doubly landlocked country in the world is the European nation of Liechtenstein. About 80 percent of Uzbekistan is desert. Access to water is a major issue.
5
The indigenous people of Uzbekistan are called Uzbeks. They descend from the Turkic peoples who are scattered across Central Asia and the far eastern reaches of Europe. The Turkic peoples are of mixed Caucasoid and Mongoloid origin, and share many cultural traditions. The Uzbeks are no longer the largest population group in Uzbekistan. When Uzbekistan was part of the former Soviet Union, millions of Russians and Ukrainians migrated there. Today, Russians and Ukrainians are Uzbekistan's largest ethnic groups.

The capital of Uzbekistan is Tashkent. The currency of Uzbekistan is the Uzbekistan Sum(UZS) Flag of Uzbekistan


Uzbekistan belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with U

Airports in Uzbekistan
Nukus - Karakalpakstan, Urgench, Samarkand, Termez, and Tashkent


Leaders of Uzbekistan
The Country dialling code of Uzbekistan is +998, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Uzbekistan is .uz
Map of Uzbekistan
Population
27,780,059
Languages spoken in Uzbekistan
Uzbek
Animals native to Uzbekistan / which animals live in Uzbekistan?
Click here for all Animals in Uzbekistan

Airlines in Uzbekistan
Click here for all Airlines in Uzbekistan

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Uzbekistan
41 00 N, 64 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
425,400 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
22,000 square kilometers
Birth rate
26.46 / 1000 population
Death rate
7.73 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
42,810 sq km 