Virgin Islands
Custom Search
The British Virgin Islands features exciting activities, beaches and water sports, national parks, events and festivals, historic sites and much more. A dining experience with exotic cuisines will delight the palate with delicious tasting foods from diverse cultures. Adventures on the Virgin Islands compare to none with a major abundance of exhilarating sites to explore. Here is a list of 5 things you might not know about the Virgin Islands.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Spend the day at Coral World Ocean Park on St. Thomas Island viewing the phenomenal marine life up close and personal. Feed a stingray, pet a shark or watch the seal lions and turtles are just a few of the attractions. Gift shops with outstanding products are up for grabs to bring home a souvenir of your experience.
2
Skyride to Paradise Point celebrates a carnival everyday with limbo dancers, fire shows and much more. A Caribbean adventure is perfect for the entire family for an amazing diverse cultural experience.
3
Bluebeard's Castle is a must see historical site built by the pirate hundreds of years ago. Located on Bluebeards Hill the structure was built for his love Mercedita as the story is told. The Bluebeard Castle is incorporated into a hotel of pirates days past.
4
Virgin Gorda and the Baths located in Spanish town is a fantastic geological formation with volcanic origins, massive boulders, beaches and caves to explore. Snorkel the coral ledges and caves under the water.
5
St. Croix Ultimate Bluewater Adventure (SCUBA) is an amazing water adventure aboard a boat with instructors teaching the tourists how to scuba dive. This experience will last a lifetime for the entire family exploring undersea marine life.

The capital of Virgin Islands is Charlotte Amalie.
U.S. Virgin Islands belongs to the North American continent


More countries starting with V

Airports in Virgin Islands
Charlotte Amalie Harbor Seaplane Base, Christiansted Harbor-SSB Seaplane Base, Cruz Bay Seaplane Base, Cyril E King Airport, Frenchmans Reef Heliport, Henry E Rohlsen Airport, Saint Thomas Waterfront Heliport, and Stouffer Grand Beach Resort Heliport

The Country dialling code of Virgin Islands is +1 340, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Virgin Islands is .vi
Map of Virgin Islands
Population
108,448
Languages spoken in Virgin Islands
Animals native to Virgin Islands / which animals live in Virgin Islands?
Click here for all Animals in Virgin Islands



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Virgin Islands
18 20 N, 64 50 W
Kilometers of coastline
188 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
346 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
1,564 square kilometers
Birth rate
13.68 / 1000 population
Death rate
6.59 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 