Wallis and Futuna
Custom Search
Two islands called Wallis and Futuna are not well known, but they are very beautiful and exotic. The people there have no desire to promote tourism so although it is hard to find tourist attractions you can find some very calming retreats.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The small islands in the south west pacific ocean in between Fiji islands and Samoa islands have been a French nationality since they took control in 1842, then the islands became a French overseas territory in July 1961. Also part of Oceania (Polynesian group of islands) is an almost unpopulated island called Ile Alofi and 20 other islets.
2
The language is mostly Polynesian, but they also use a slightly different language called Wallisian or some use Futunian, others use French. There is a difference between the two island languages because Wallis has connections with Tonga and Futuna has ancestral roots in Samoa.
3
Wallis has a bigger population and is the center of government, but there are not any beaches like in Futuna. Wallis has some lakes and islands scattered throughout a lagoon where you can bathe under a waterfall, a lot of jungle and some good archeological sites. If you are traveling to Wallis or Futuna be sure to check out Talietumu, the caves at Loka, Lake Lalolalo and Le Tamana.
4
The two islands are volcanic (leading to round craters used for swimming) and even though the animals that live on the islands are mostly the same as anywhere (goats, cattle, sheep and sometimes a cat or dog), amphibians from the jungle (lizards, snakes and snails), and a few birds like pigeons, but there are also many whales, porpoises and dolphins like the Spinner Dolphin.
5
Wallis and Futuna are both great places to hike as well as relax on a beach.

The capital of Wallis and Futuna is Matâ'Utu. The currency of Wallis and Futuna is the CFP Franc(XPF)
Wallis and Futuna belongs to the Oceanian continent


More countries starting with W

Airports in Wallis and Futuna
Maopoopo Ile Futuna, and Hihifo Ile Wallis

The Country dialling code of Wallis and Futuna is +681, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Wallis and Futuna is .wf
Map of Wallis and Futuna
Population
16,309
Languages spoken in Wallis and Futuna
Animals native to Wallis and Futuna / which animals live in Wallis and Futuna?
Click here for all Animals in Wallis and Futuna



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Wallis and Futuna
13 18 S, 176 12 W
Kilometers of coastline
129 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
274 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 