West Bank
Custom Search
When most people think of The West Bank, they think of images of violence, and bombings. The West Bank has been known for years as a Palestinian territory in Israel that is surrounded by conflicts over between Israelis and Palestinians. However, The West Bank is so much more than the conflict that has been surrounding it over the last 50 years. Here are 5 facts you may not have known.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
The West Bank has seven universities. These universities have greatly increased the education of the Palestinian people. They are now the most educated people in the Middle East. The high literacy rate is directly caused by the opening of these universities.
2
The West Bank has over 3,000 miles of paved roads. For an area as small as The West Bank, having this many paved roads is amazing. All of the roads in the west bank are paved and they help people move around The West Bank. Many road blocks and barriers to travel have recently been lifted, and a divided highway is under construction to make travel easier.
3
The West Bank is not only one religion. Many people think that Islam is the only religion practiced inside The West Bank. While a great majority practices Islam, a significant portion of the population is Jewish and there is even a small part of the population that practices Christianity.
4
Coffee is very important in the West Bank. It seems that every meeting in The West Bank will be held over coffee. People in the West Bank view coffee as a way to cement business deal. Coffee is also a social drink and will end or begin every meal served.
5
Etiquette is extremely important in The West Bank. No matter where a person is they will find they are always met with a handshake and a warm greeting. Hospitality is considered paramount in this culture. Even dress, is considered part of the etiquette. Head coverings are polite.

The capital of West Bank is East Jerusalem.
Palestinian Territory belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with W

Airports in West Bank
Jerusalem Airport

The Country dialling code of West Bank is +970, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of West Bank is .ps
Map of West Bank
Population
2,535,927
Languages spoken in West Bank
Animals native to West Bank / which animals live in West Bank?
Click here for all Animals in West Bank



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of West Bank
32 00 N, 35 15 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
5,640 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
220 square kilometers
Birth rate
30.99 / 1000 population
Death rate
3.85 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
150 sq km 