Western Sahara
Custom Search
Western Sahara is a territory of Morocco in North Africa. This desert country has not been free since the late 19th century, when Spain colonized the region. In 1975, Morocco and Mauritania took over the area, which lead to a war between those countries and liberators that claimed the land as their own. Since 1979, Western Sahara has been a territory of Morocco but natives have set up their own government for what they call the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR). Although the SADR has been officially recognized by the African Union, Morocco has been unwilling to relinquish the territory.
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Western Sahara is one of the most arid and desolate places on Earth. The lack of rainwater makes agricultural production nearly impossible and almost all food for city-dwellers is imported. The rural population survives on fruits and vegetables grown in the few oases and animal husbandry provides meat from camels, goats and sheep.
2
The waters off the shores of Western Sahara are richly stocked with fish but seafood has never been a staple of the Sahrawi diet. Morocco gains billions of dollars each year from the fishing industry in Western Sahara.
3
In 2000, phosphate and it's derivatives comprised 17% of Moroccan exports by value and the majority of this has come from Western Saharan mines. The territory contains at least 132 million tons of phosphate reserves and produces nearly 2,4 million tons of processed phosphate per year. Most of this product is exported to the United States, Europe and Australia.
4
Over 125 Sahrawi people live in refugee camps in Algeria. These people fled their territory after Morocco invaded in 1975 and are heavily dependent on foreign aid to survive.
5
Although the Sahrawi society is traditionally patriarchal, women have have more independence than in other Muslim countries. They participate in the exiled government and have access to education, health care and business opportunities.

The capital of Western Sahara is El-Aaiun. The currency of Western Sahara is the Moroccan Dirham(MAD) Flag of Western Sahara


Western Sahara is an African country


More countries starting with W

The Country dialling code of Western Sahara is +212, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Western Sahara is .eh
Map of Western Sahara
Population
382,617
Languages spoken in Western Sahara
Arabic
Animals native to Western Sahara / which animals live in Western Sahara?
Click here for all Animals in Western Sahara



Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Western Sahara
24 30 N, 13 00 W
Kilometers of coastline
1,110 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
266,000 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
NA / 1000 population
Death rate
NA / 1000 population
Irrigated land
NA sq km 