Yemen
Custom Search
Yemen is one of the arab countries in the middle east. Despite what many americans think, there is much more to the middle east than just turbans, extreme islam, and oil. The problem is that Yemen, like a lot of the other middle eastern countries, is still very secretive, so not a lot is known about this country besides those things. Here are some interesting facts about the country of Yemen:
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Yemen offers its tourists spectacular scenery. Despite being one of the poorest countries in the middle east it is not short of amazing views by any means. Being mountainous in areas you will find that you can look down from points and have eye watering views. You will also find that there are white sand beaches in Yemen which are definitely worth a visit.
2
Yemen used to be one of the richest arabic countries. In ancient times it was highly prosperous. In fact, the romans that would visit this country used to call it, 'Arabia Felix.' Which means, 'happy arabia.' If that don't sound positive I don't know what does! This country was a popular place to visit in ancient times.
3
Yemen is a country that is known for producing coffee. One of the coffee types that Yemen is famous for cultivating is what is known as mocha coffee. If you're ever drinking mocha coffee, you might be drinking coffee that came from Yemen.
4
Yemen is now one of the poorest arabic countries, and its economy is largely dependant on oil. Despite that, the history of this country is great. Until recently when the country unites as one full country, there used to be a 'North Yemen' and 'South Yemen.'
5
Much of the country in Yemen is desert-like. The most fertile lands in Yemen are located to th west of Yemen, and because of this you will also find that many of the major cities are located to the west of Yemen.

The capital of Yemen is San‘a’. The currency of Yemen is the Yemeni Rial(YER) Flag of Yemen


Yemen belongs to the Asian continent


More countries starting with Y

Airports in Yemen
Aden, Ataq, Hodeidah, Marib, Mokha, Sa'Ada - Sadah, Sana'A, Socotra, Sayun, and Taiz


Leaders of Yemen
The Country dialling code of Yemen is +967, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Yemen is .ye
Map of Yemen
Population
22,230,531
Languages spoken in Yemen
Arabic
Animals native to Yemen / which animals live in Yemen?
Click here for all Animals in Yemen

Airlines in Yemen
Click here for all Airlines in Yemen

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Yemen
15 00 N, 48 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
1,906 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
527,970 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
0 square kilometers
Birth rate
42.67 / 1000 population
Death rate
8.05 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
5,500 sq km 