Zambia
Custom Search
Zambia makes for wonderful holiday destinations due to the variety of natural attractions. The natural attractions include rivers, lakes, waterfalls and wildlife. Zambia is a very large land locked country surrounded by lakes, rivers offering beaches and water sports. Zambia is over 750,000 square kilometers in size. The two biggest attractions in Zambia are Livingstone and The Victoria Falls. Livingstone is the lead in to Victoria Falls. The town has an amazing zoological park, museum and cultural village. It is often known as The Real Africa. The Victoria Falls is one of the world most amazing water plunges with drops over 300 feet. Visitors can set up right against the falls for a breathtaking view. A must stop at The Victoria Falls is known as Knife Edge Point. It is a breathtaking view. It offers a bridge for bungee jumping. Water activities include white water rafting, abseiling, gorge swinging, tandem kayaking, tiger and fly fishing, lion walks and elephant back trails. There are also a variety of craft stations set up by locals known for bartering. If you ever thought about visiting Africa, make Zambia your destination. The views will take your breath away. 5 Things You Might Not Know About Zambia
5 Facts You Might Not Know
1
Victoria Falls is often known as the best known falling water curtain. The best time to visit is post-rainy season between April and May.
2
English is the official language of Zambia.
3
The official currency of Zambia is Zambian kwacha.
4
The best times to visit Zambia are April through June, July through September and October through December.
5
The dry season which is the coolest season is May through August.

The capital of Zambia is Lusaka. The currency of Zambia is the Zambian Kwacha(ZMK) Flag of Zambia


Zambia is an African country


More countries starting with Z

Airports in Zambia
Mbala, Chipata, Kaoma, Kasama, Kabwe, Livingstone, Lusaka Internationalairport, Mansa, Mfuwe, Mongu, Ndola, Senanga, Sesheke, Solwezi, Zambezi, Lusaka City Airport, and Southdowns


Leaders of Zambia
The Country dialling code of Zambia is +260, and the TLD (Top-level domain) of Zambia is .zm
Map of Zambia
Population
11,477,447
Languages spoken in Zambia
English
Animals native to Zambia / which animals live in Zambia?
Click here for all Animals in Zambia

Airlines in Zambia
Click here for all Airlines in Zambia

Coordinates (in Latitude & Longitude) of Zambia
15 00 S, 30 00 E
Kilometers of coastline
0 kilometers
Square kilometers of land
740,724 square kilometers
Square kilometers of water
11,890 square kilometers
Birth rate
40.78 / 1000 population
Death rate
21.46 / 1000 population
Irrigated land
1,560 sq km 